Sister Mobile
Terms and Conditions of Service

WHO WE ARE?
When we say "we," "us," "our," or "Sister Mobile," we mean Sister Mobile LLC; When we say "you," "your," "customer," and "user," we mean Sister Mobile account holder or someone who uses our devices or services on Sister Mobile plan. "Device," means any phone, tablet, mobile broadband device, or any other product or accessory we provide, sell, or that is active on your Sister Mobile account with us. "Service(s)" mean Sister Mobile - branded offers, rate plans, options, wireless services, billing services, applications, programs, products, software, or Devices on your account with us, as well as any other product or service that we offer or provide to you that references these General Terms and Conditions of Service ("Ts&Cs"). Please read this entire document carefully. By starting and continuing service provided by Sister Mobile, you agree to the terms and conditions and will abide by service limitations.

NETWORK COVERAGE AND SERVICE
Our service is only available in geographic areas covered by the digital service network footprint of the Nationwide Sprint速 Network. Local phone numbers may not be available in certain markets. Sister Mobile uses Nationwide Sprint速 Network. We cannot guarantee that a device not provided by Sister Mobile or a Sister Mobile Device that has been modified by you or a third party will be compatible with the Nationwide Sprint速 Network.

USE OF SERVICE
Sister Mobile provides a wireless service intended for personal usage. With our unlimited product, we reserve the right to monitor your account for over or excessive usage (3,500 units of voice or text per month) of all voice calls, SMS, and data usage. This product is not to be used as a commercial tool to perform monitoring services, data transmission, interconnection to other wireless providers, telemarketing, webcam posts, and other commercial uses that may affect the usage of others users. Sister Mobile should only be used in conversations between two people. No broadcast of auto calls, text messages, etc. The Sister Mobile reserves the rights to terminate your account if voice calls, data or SMS reach in access of our customer averages and or the averages of similar products. Sister Mobile may not allow connectivity to certain numbers (e.g. 976, 900 and/or international destinations). Sister Mobile reserves the right to permit only on-net usage of the Nationwide Sprint速 Network. We also reserve the right to act immediately and without notice to restrict, suspend, or terminate your use of the service in case you have disregarded the rules above.  If you alter or modify your device in a way not authorized or recommended by the manufacturer of your device, you may lose functionality and you may be required to purchase a new device in order to restore service.

PORTING OUT
For port eligibility qualifications all accounts must be active for over 30 days and not have an outstanding balance.

INTERNET CONTENT
You agree that we are not liable for the deletion of or failure to store content, and, in compliance with the terms of this agreement, you should store photographs and other information permanently by using another means. Downloaded or created content on your device may expire or be deleted unless you otherwise arrange for its retention and/or preservation. You are responsible for the content you access on your device. Some content available on the Internet may be unsuitable for minors, and you should take care when sharing your device with minors. We are not responsible for the content or security of voicemail, messages, or contact lists you create. We reserve the right to issue a warning and to suspend or terminate your service and access to the website or any other website we operate, or to our service at any time if we determine in our sole discretion that you have violated this agreement, Terms of Service or any of our rules or policies, or for any other reason in our sole discretion. You will be responsible for all usage prior to the termination of service. If your device is lost or stolen, you are responsible for charges incurred until the device is suspended. If you wish to cancel your service at any time, please contact our customer service department using any of the methods listed on our website.
If Sister Mobile takes any action against your account due to suspicion of fraud or illegal activity, Sister Mobile may share information regarding your account with law enforcement to the degree that the act of sharing does not violate any consumer protection requirements or if Sister Mobile is compelled to share because of court orders or any other legal requirement. Sister Mobile may also share allowed information in an effort to collect damages and/or assist in prosecution of those in violation. You agree to pay all fees, federal, state and local taxes, and other assessments that we are required by law to collect and remit to the government on the Services we provide to you. Sister Mobile may use refurbished handsets and other equipment. As we try to remove all content we are not liable for names, numbers, messages, pictures, or media audio that may be found in said equipment and/or that may be found offensive.

FEES & SURCHARGES
Sister Mobile may charge activation, prepayment, reactivation, programming, or other fees to establish, change, or maintain Services. Sister Mobile may apply surcharges, such as Federal Universal Service; Regulatory and Administrative charges; and gross receipts charges.

ADDITIONAL CHARGES
We may charge additional fees for specialized requests or services related to your account. We always keep copies of our pricing information on our website. Fee of "Bring Your Own Phone" will not be refundable item. All price comes with Auto Payment Option, $2.75 (active line charge) per Month will be applied if you use one time payment. For the number change or porting, $10.00 will be applied.

RETURNS
Simply ship the undamaged phone back to us within 10 days of its receipt in the original condition along with the box, printed material and all accessories. To begin the process, please contact our customer service department during our normal business hours. Our customer service team will then provide you with the shipping address and the Return Merchandise Authorization, which is required for Sister Mobile to receive the device, via email. Remember that missing items or damage will likely reduce the amount of the refund. The sum of those additional defect charges may reduce or entirely eliminate the potential refund. When you mail the return package, make sure that your Return Merchandise Authorization is included inside the box or written on the side of the box for recognition when the box arrives at the Sister Mobile processing center. They never cover issues arising from damage or wear-and-tear to the device - diminishing battery life, scratches, lost or stolen devices, water damage, accidental damages, coverage issues, or software incompatibility/problems with third-party apps attempting to "jailbreak" , visible physical damage to your phone (e.g. liquid damage, cracked LCD, damaged housing). Sister Mobile is never responsible for the value of or the result of lost data that may occur from the defective issue. $5 restocking charge may be applied. We are pleased to be your wireless service provider. We reserve the right to change or modify these policies and terms at any time, effective immediately when posted to Sister Mobile's website: www.SisterMobile.com. Please check our website from time to time as these policies and terms may have changed.

DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION
We want you to be happy with your Sister Mobile Services. If for some reason we cannot resolve your concern to your satisfaction through calls to our customer care, you and Sister Mobile each agree to try to resolve those disputes in good faith after you provide written notice of the dispute as set forth below. If we cannot resolve the dispute, you and Sister Mobile agree that we will resolve the dispute through individual binding arbitration or small claims court, instead of courts of general jurisdiction.

MANDATORY ARBITRATION AND WAIVER OF CLASS ACTION
Instead of suing in court, you and Sister Mobile agree to arbitrate all disputes (as defined below) on an individual, non-representative, basis. You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and Sister Mobile are waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action or representative action. This agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted. In arbitration, there is no judge or jury. Instead, a neutral third-party arbitrator resolves disputes in a less formal process than in court. In arbitration, there is limited discovery and a court review of the arbitrator's decision is limited. Sister Mobile does not guarantee that our service will not have interruptions, or will work at all times. Examples of issues that disrupt service are; service may be interrupted or limited for any one or combination of reasons, including environmental conditions, system capacity, and interference by unknown entities, priority access in the event of a disaster or emergency, limitations of any network and carriers. There may be gaps in service within the service area, shown on coverage maps, which by their nature are only approximations of actual coverage. WE CANNOT GUARANTEE YOU, OR ANY USER OF YOUR PHONE UNINTERRUPTED SERVICE AND OR COVERAGE. WE CANNOT ASSURE YOU THAT IF A CALL IS PLACED TO AN EMERGENCY NUMBER (911 OR OTHERWISE) THAT THE CALL WILL BE COMPLETED OR THAT THIS CALLER WILL RECEIVE EMERGENCY HELP. We make no warranty, express or implied of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, suitability performance regarding our service or any goods, and are in no event liable, whether or not due to our own negligence, for any act by a third party; mistakes, omissions, interruptions, errors, failures or delay in connecting a call to 911 or any emergency service. Our entire liability to you for failure of service will be limited solely to the value of the service last purchased. It is agreed that Sister Mobile and you will settle any disputes by means of arbitration, by a licensed arbitrator in the State of Georgia, Gwinnett County and not in a court suit. It is also agreed that each incident will be treated as an individual incident and will not be combined as a class action. To initiate arbitration, Sister Mobile and you agree to follow the AAA rules, which are available at www.adr.org.

PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Sister Mobile web site. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following (we will not collect any of your personal information that you do not volunteer to make available or consent to for further action. We do not sell, share, or rent this personal information to others in any way that we have not mentioned in this statement): What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your Data.

INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE, AND SHARING
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order. We may share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf to help with our business activities. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
Fulfilling orders and delivering packages
Payment processing
Providing customer service
Sending marketing communications
Fulfilling subscription services
Designate a cell network

Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. Your Access to and Control over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website: See what data we have about you, if any. Change/correct any data we have about you. Have us delete any data we have about you. Express any concern you have about our use of your data.

SECURITY
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. Children should consult with their parents or guardian before furnishing any data to us. We believe that parents should supervise their children's online activities, and may consider using one of a number of available parental control tools that provide a child-friendly online environment and can prevent children from disclosing individually identifiable information without parental consent, especially for children under the age of 13. If a child has provided individually identifiable information without the consent of a parent or guardian, that parent or guardian should contact us to request that the information be deleted from our records. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via calls at 1-877-863-6636 or via email.