
search icon
Search games and game providers
Hello Millions
Recommend us and get up to SC 65 free

facebook
instagram
twitter
tiktok
Sweepstakes rules
NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. AN ENTRANT’S CHANCES OF WINNING WILL NOT INCREASE WITH ANY PURCHASE OR PAYMENT. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW

Version: 1.1

Date of last update: February 19, 2023

YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE HELLOMILLIONS.COM SWEEPSTAKES IS SUBJECT TO THESE OFFICIAL RULES, WHICH ARE PART OF THE HELLOMILLIONS.COM TERMS OF SERVICE. AS STATED IN THE HELLO MILLIONS TERMS OF SERVICE, ALL OF YOUR ACTIVITY THROUGH THIS SITE INCLUDING YOUR PARTICIPATION IN ANY SWEEPSTAKES IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF SERVICE - INCLUDING MANDATORY ARBITRATION PROVISIONS IN THE TERMS OF SERVICE WHICH REQUIRE YOU TO ARBITRATE ANY CLAIMS AGAINST AS AN INDIVIDUAL AND NOT AS PART OF A CLASS ACTION. YOU MAY ACCESS THE TERMS OF SERVICE HERE.

These Sweepstakes Rules are incorporated as part of the hellomillions.com Terms of Service and are not meant as a replacement or a new agreement. Defined terms in the Terms of Service shall have the same meaning as used in these Sweepstakes Rules.

In addition, the Site’s Privacy Policy expressly applies, and any information provided by an Entrant to Sponsor will be subject to the terms of the Privacy Policy as well as the Terms of Service.

B2 Services OÜ operates the Site. The Site offers the chance to play various Games for entertainment and enjoyment. The Site also offers promotional contests which are entirely free to enter (“the Sweepstakes”). Currently, Sweepstakes Coins, which are obtained completely for free and can ́t be purchased and have no value, can be used to play the Sweepstakes Games for a chance to win further Sweepstakes Coins that may - subject to the rules for redemption stated below - be redeemed by You for a prize.

1. Sponsor
1.1. The Sponsor of the Sweepstakes is B2Services OÜ, with registered number 16579410 and an address at Tornimae 5, 10145 Tallinn, Estonia. (“Sponsor”, “We”, “Us” or “Hello Millions”).

1.2. Sponsor’s decisions as to the operation and administration of the Sweepstakes, receipt of entries, and the type and amount of winnings/prizes are final and binding.

1.3 The Sweepstakes Period ("Sweepstakes Period") for each Sweepstakes starts at the beginning of each spin and ends at the conclusion of that spin. Each spin is a separate Sweepstakes.

2. Eligibility to play Sweepstakes
2.1. The Sweepstakes are open only to legal residents of the United States of America who are not resident in the State of Alabama, State of Washington, the State of Idaho, the State of Nevada, the State of Kentucky, the State of Georgia or where prohibited by law). You must create a User Account in order to enter a Sweepstakes. There is no charge or fee to create a User Account.

2.2. A person who participates in the Sweepstakes shall be referred to herein as a “Entrant.”

2.3. Entrants must be at least eighteen (18) years old at the time of entry (or any greater age as prescribed by any applicable law decreed by the State in which they reside in).

2.4. The Sweepstakes are subject to all applicable federal, state, provincial, territorial, and local laws and regulations. It is the sole responsibility of each Entrant to determine whether their participation in the Sweepstakes is legal and compliant with all regulations in the State in which the Entrant resides.

2.5. Participation in the Sweepstakes constitutes the Entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to these Sweepstakes Rules and Sponsor’s decisions, which are final and binding in all matters related to the Sweepstakes. Winning a prize is contingent upon fulfilling all requirements set out in these Sweepstakes Rules.

2.6. In the event of a dispute as to the ownership of any Sweepstakes Coins, the authorized Account holder of the email address used to register the User Account will be deemed to be the Entrant. The “authorized account holder” is the person assigned the email address by an internet access provider, online service provider or other organization responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted address.

2.7. Sweepstakes Coins will automatically expire after an account becomes Dormant. For the purpose of these Sweepstakes Rules “Dormant” means there has been no game play activity utilizing Sweepstakes Coins for a consecutive period of sixty (60) days.

2.8. Sweepstakes Coins may be forfeited if an Entrant’s User Account is deactivated for any reason at Sponsor’s sole discretion, or for any other reasons also at the Sponsor sole discretion.

3. How to collect Sweepstakes Coins for free
3.1. An Entrant must create a User Account (“Account”) on the Site in order to participate in the Sweepstakes and collect Sweepstakes Coins. Creating an Account is entirely free of charge. To enter the Sweepstakes, an Entrant must access the Site and sign in using their Account. Entrants may register an Account here www.hellomillions.com. It is always free to register an Account.

3.2. There are numerous ways to collect Sweepstakes Coins:

3.2.1 By registering an Account on the Site (and subject to passing any necessary verification checks), you will receive up to 3.55 free Sweepstakes Coins in your first three days if you login each day.	www.hellomillions.com
3.2.2 By entering the regular competitions offered on our official Facebook account (at least twice a week). Each competition offers multiple opportunities to win free Sweepstakes Coins.

You may be required to answer a question prior to entry. The amount of Sweepstakes Coins given away will be clearly stated on the applicable Sweepstakes Coins free giveaway promotion post prior to the point of entry.	helllomillions.com Facebook
3.2.3 By entering the regular competitions offered on our official Instagram account (at least twice a week). Each competition offers multiple opportunities to win free Sweepstakes Coins.

You may be required to answer a question prior to entry. The amount of Sweepstakes Coins given away will be clearly stated on the applicable Sweepstakes Coins free giveaway promotion post prior to the point of entry.	hellomillions.com Instagram
3.2.4 By entering the regular competitions offered on our official X (formerly Twitter) account (at least twice a week). Each competition offers multiple opportunities to win free Sweepstakes Coins.

You may be required to answer a question prior to entry. The amount of Sweepstakes Coins given away will be clearly stated on the applicable Sweepstakes Coins free giveaway promotion post prior to the point of entry.	hellomillions.com Twitter
3.2.5 By participating in our weekly random draws for free Sweepstakes Coins. A minimum of 100 winners will be selected at random every week!	www.hellomillions.com
3.2.6 By replying to our welcome competition email.	welcome competition email from www.hellomillions.com
3.2.7 By sharing your “Refer a Friend” link, you will receive 10 free Sweepstakes Coins for each friend you refer that registers a new account with HelloMillions.com and purchases Gold Coin Packages valued at $25 or more. A further 40 free Sweepstakes Coins will be credited when the referred friend purchases a further $500 in Gold Coin Packages. Up to a maximum of ten friends per 12 month period.	
3.2.8 By making a retail purchase of Gold Coins on the Site for use in the Games, Users may receive Sweepstakes Coins.	
3.2.9 ALTERNATIVE METHOD OF ENTRY – MAIL IN REQUEST
Subject to Account verification procedures, Users may Request Free Sweepstakes Coins by sending a Sweepstakes Coins request card in handwriting via the post. Entrants can request Sweepstakes Coins by sending a stamped #10 envelope, hand-written, to the relevant national address:

HelloMillions - Sweepstakes

PO Box 9507

Manchester

NH

03108


For each Sweepstakes Coin request, Entrants must obtain their unique Sweepstakes Request Code (see below) and mail in a hand-written Request Card in an envelope in compliance with all the requirements below:

Handwrite the following on the envelope (i) Entrant’s return address on the front of the envelope; (ii) the URL www. HelloMillions.com; (iii) the words: “Sweepstakes Coins”; (iv) in the upper left hand corner of the envelope the Sweepstakes Coins Request Code (details below) and
hand write in non-black ink (i.e., blue ink) the following on the Sweepstakes request card inserted inside the envelope:
Handwritten Sweepstakes Coins Request Card - On the Card or similar, hand write the following on the Request Card inserted inside the envelope:
Entrant’s full name;
The URL - www.hellomillions.com;
Entrants return address;
In the upper left hand corner of the Request Card, The unique Sweepstakes Coins Request Code;
the email address registered to their User Account; and
the following statement: "I would like to request free Sweepstakes Coins offered by B2Services OÜ in order to enter the promotional Sweepstakes offered on hellomillions.com. I agree to be bound by the general Terms of Service and Sweepstakes Rules.”
A Sweepstakes Request Code is a unique combination of 13 digits that Entrants can obtain by following the steps outlined below. A Sweepstakes Request Code is unique to each Entrant’s Account and can only be used once on one Sweepstakes Request Card and cannot be shared or used by another Entrant. The Sweepstakes Request Code is necessary to allow for the efficient sorting and crediting of the Sweepstakes Coin Request Card. Any Entrant suspected by Sponsor to have shared a Sweepstakes Request Code with another person/people may, in the sole discretion of Sponsor, be disqualified and in addition may no longer be allowed to participate in the Sweepstakes. Obtain Your Sweepstakes Request Code by following these steps:
sign into your Customer Account;
click on the Sweepstakes Rules;
click the request Sweepstakes Coins Request Code link (HERE);
click on the “Request Code” button;
follow the prompts that appear;
The Sweepstakes Coins Request Code is then displayed for a period of time to enable an Entrant to write it on their Sweepstakes Coins Request Card.
There is a limit of one (1) Sweepstakes Coins request card per outer envelope. For each request that an Entrant submits, the Entrant will receive four (4) Sweepstakes Coins. Upon receipt of a conforming Request, four (4) Sweepstakes Coins will be added to the Entrant’s Account.
All Sweepstakes Coins Request Codes must be received at the PO Box address outlined above within sixty (60) days of the day the Sweepstakes Coins Request Code was generated. Sweepstakes Coins Request Codes received outside this sixty (60) day period will be invalid and the Sweepstakes Coin request will not be processed.


An Entrant must ensure that their handwriting is legible. If the Entrant’s handwriting is illegible, the Request will be void and the Sweepstakes Coins will not be credited to the Entrant’s Account. The legibility of an Entrant’s handwriting shall be determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion.

All Requests submitted by an Entrant must be postmarked from the same State as the Entrant’s verified address on their User Account. An Entrant must not electronically copy the Sweepstakes Coins Request Card or duplicate any Sweepstakes Coins Request Card.

Requests that do not comply with the above will not be acknowledged or returned.	
Sweepstakes Coins requests must only be made by the Entrant. Requests made by any other individual or any entity, will be declared invalid and the Sweepstakes Coins will not be credited to the Entrant’s Account. Tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Sweepstakes, including but not limited to the use of any device to automate the Sweepstakes Coins request/entry process, is prohibited and any requests/entries deemed by Sponsor, at its sole discretion, to have been submitted in a non-conforming manner will be void. In the event a dispute regarding the identity of the individual who actually submitted a request cannot be resolved to Sponsor’s satisfaction, the affected request/entry will be deemed invalid.

The number of Sweepstakes Coins an Entrant has will be displayed in their User Account on the Site. The amount of Sweepstakes Coins to be allocated to Entrants can be changed at any time by the Sponsor at its sole discretion.

Sponsor is not responsible for lost/incomplete/invalid/unintelligible or misdirected Sweepstakes Coins requests or allocations.

4. Using Sweepstakes Coins
4.1. Entrants with Sweepstakes Coins can use those Sweepstakes Coins to play Games on the Site for a chance to win additional Sweepstakes Coins. Sweepstakes Coins won through Game play may be considered eligible to be redeemed for prizes, subject to the rules for redemption.

4.2. The specific prizes available will be shown on the Site within the individual interface of each Game.

4.3. Sponsor reserves the right to change the prize win rates or odds/RTP of any of the Sweepstakes Games at any time in Sponsor’s sole discretion, but not during the operation of a specific Game or spin. An Entrant can see the actual and any amended details of prize win rates and odds/RTP within the individual interface of each Game. It is an Entrant’s responsibility to check the prize win rate on each occasion before they participate. The likelihood of getting a particular outcome are not based on an Entrant’s previous participation, time of participation or the level of participation e.g. if you win a prize, your chances of winning the next day would remain the same. RTP reflects the theoretical return across a large number of players over an extended period of time. RTP will vary on a game-by-game basis. The higher the RTP % the more likely it is that a User may become eligible to claim a prize.

5. Verification and confirmation of potential winners
5.1. Potential Sweepstakes winners are subject to verification by Sponsor or Sponsor’s representative (in any manner it may choose) and the decisions of Sponsor are final and binding in all matters related to the sweepstakes. An Entrant is not a winner of any prize, even if the online screen indicates they are, unless and until the Entrant’s eligibility and the potential winning play has been verified and the Entrant has complied with these sweepstakes rules and been notified that verification is complete. Sponsor is not required to accept screenshots or other purported evidence of winning, and Sponsor’s internal validation process shall solely control.

5.2. Potential prize winners must comply with these Sweepstakes Rules and winning is contingent upon fulfilling all requirements set by Sponsor in Sponsor’s sole discretion.

5.3. A potential prize winner may be required to sign and return to Sponsor, an affidavit/declaration of eligibility, and liability/publicity release (except where prohibited) in-order to claim his/her prize (if applicable).

5.4. If the potential winner cannot be contacted or fails to properly execute and return the affidavit/declaration of eligibility and liability/publicity release within the required time period (if applicable), fails to comply with these Sweepstakes Rules or if the prize or prize notification is 50 returned as undeliverable, that potential winner forfeits the prize.

6. Prizes & Redemptions
6.1. Only Redeemable Sweepstakes Coins May be Redeemed. Unless otherwise stated or required by Sponsor, Sweepstakes Coins acquired by Entrant by any method available under Section 3.2 must first be played through in an applicable Sweepstakes Game at least once before such Sweepstakes Coins may be counted toward the minimum number of Sweepstakes Coins required for a Prize Redemption request.

6.2. If an Entrant wishes to claim request any Prize, Entrant may do so by clicking on the “Redeem” button on the site menu option.

6.3. Cash Prize. Entrants whom accumulate and maintain 50 or more qualifying Sweepstakes Coins associated with their User Account may elect to accept a Cash Prize by following the redemption method steps on the Site while logged in. Such qualifying Users may claim a Cash Prize corresponding to $1.00 USD for each qualifying Sweepstakes Coin User chooses to redeem. Consequently, an Entrant’s User Account must have a minimum balance of at least 50 qualifying Sweepstakes Coins before any Cash Prize may be claimed by User. Sponsor may charge a fee for processing of redemptions, in Sponsor’s sole discretion. Such fee if applicable shall not exceed the reasonably estimated costs of the payment processing.

6.4. Gift Card Prize. Entrants whom accumulate and maintain 10 or more qualifying Sweepstakes Coins associated with their User Account may elect to accept a Gift Card Prize by following the redemption method steps on the Site while logged in. Such qualifying Users may claim a Gift Card Prize corresponding to $1.00 USD for each qualifying Sweepstakes Coin User chooses to redeem. Consequently, an Entrant’s User Account must have a minimum balance of at least 10 qualifying Sweepstakes Coins before any Gift Card Prize may be claimed by User. Sponsor may charge a fee for processing of redemptions, in Sponsor’s sole discretion. Such fee if applicable shall not exceed the reasonably estimated costs of the payment processing.

6.5. Taxes. Sponsor will not be responsible for any federal or state taxes or fees associated with a prize redemption. Entrants are solely responsible for all applicable taxes and fees associated with prize receipt and/or redemption.

6.6. Sweepstakes Coins are non-transferable, and no substitution will be made except as provided herein at the Sponsor’s/Promoter’s sole discretion. Sponsor reserves the right to substitute the listed prize of equal or greater value for any reason owing to circumstances outside Sponsor’s/Promoter’s reasonable control.

6.7. Prior to any prize redemptions:

6.7.1. the name on your credit or debit card or other payment method must match the name appearing on your User Account;
6.7.2. your age, identity and all other required verification checks including but not limited to sources of funds and wealth should be completed;
6.7.3. for security reasons and for the prevention of money laundering, we will only authorize a redemption of prizes to a bank or bank account held in your name. If you provide account details which relate to a bank account held jointly between you and another person, you accept that any prizes will be paid into that joint account, and they may require you to supply additional documentation relating to the person who jointly holds the bank account with you so that we may identify and verify the joint account holder.
6.8. We can only process one prize redemption request once every forty-eight (48) hours. We will process redemption requests as soon as practicable.

6.9. When you choose to redeem for real money you acknowledge and agree that it may take up to ten (10) days to process the payment into our nominated payment mechanism.

6.10. Payments of over USD$2,500 may require a longer processing time due to bank clearance, security and fraud checks and may also be paid in more than one lump sum.

6.11. For Entrants who reside in New York or Florida, the maximum amount for which a prize can be redeemed is limited to USD$5,000 per spin or per play round and amounts in excess of USD$5,000 will not redeemed to residents of New York or Florida.

6.12. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion to limit an Entrant’s redemption of prizes to USD $10,000 per day.

6.13. Sweepstakes Coins have no value whatsoever and only qualify a User to seek redemption of a Prize as set forth herein. If an Entrant requests closure of his/her Account without seeking eligible redemptions or the Account holds Sweepstakes Coins in a number less than the minimum (10) Sweepstakes Coins required for redemption of any Prize (as detailed above), User is not entitled to any Prize. All Sweepstakes Coins in a User Account at the time of termination for any reason are cancelled and forfeited.

6.14. In the event one or more of an Entrant’s purchases on the Site is subject to a charge back, all pending redemptions will be cancelled, no further prize redemptions will be allowed, and User’s Account may be suspended or terminated in the sole discretion of Sponsor.

7. Entry conditions and release
7.1. By participating, each Entrant agrees to:

7.1.1. comply with these Sweepstakes Rules and the decisions of the Sponsor in connection with the Sweepstakes which are binding and final;
7.1.2. release and hold harmless the Sponsor and its parent, subsidiary, and affiliated companies, the prize suppliers and any other organizations responsible for sponsoring, fulfilling, administering, advertising or promoting the Sweepstakes, and all of their respective past and present officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives (collectively, the “Released Parties” ) from and against any and all claims, expenses, and liability, including but not limited to negligence and damages of any kind to persons and property, including but not limited to invasion of privacy (under appropriation, intrusion, public disclosure of private facts, false light in the public eye or other legal theory), defamation, slander, libel, violation of right of publicity, infringement of trademark, copyright or other intellectual property rights, property damage, or death or personal injury arising out of or relating to an Entrant’s entry, creation of an entry or submission of an entry, participation in the Sweepstakes, acceptance or use or misuse of prizes (including any travel or activity related thereto) and/or the broadcast, exploitation or use of entry; and
7.1.3. indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Sponsor from and against any and all claims, expenses, and liabilities (including reasonable attorneys/legal fees) arising out of or relating to an Entrant’s participation in the Sweepstakes and/or Entrant’s acceptance, use or misuse of prizes.
8. Publicity
8.1. Except where prohibited, participation in the Sweepstakes constitutes each Entrant’s consent to Sponsor’s and its agents’ use of Entrant’s name, likeness, photograph, voice, opinions and/or hometown and state/province/territory for promotional purposes in any media, worldwide, without further payment, notice or consideration.

9. General conditions
9.1. The Sponsor reserves the right to cancel, suspend and/or modify the Sweepstakes or these Sweepstakes Rules, or any part of the Sweepstakes with immediate effect owing to circumstances outside its reasonable control and only where circumstances make it unavoidable if any fraud, technical failures or any other factor beyond Sponsor’s reasonable control impairs the integrity or proper functioning of the Sweepstakes, as determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion.

9.2. Sponsor reserves the right in its sole discretion to disqualify any individual it finds to be tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Sweepstakes or to be acting in violation of these Sweepstakes Rules or any other promotion or in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner.

9.3. Any attempt by any person to deliberately undermine the legitimate operation of the Sweepstakes may be a violation of criminal and civil law, and, should such an attempt be made, Sponsor reserves the right to seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. Sponsor’s failure to enforce any term of these Sweepstakes Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that provision.

9.4 In all other cases, the Sponsor reserves the right to cancel, suspend and/or modify the Sweepstakes. Any notice regarding cancellation, suspension and/or modification will be posted on hellomillions.com.

9.5 In the event of modifying the Sweepstakes, an Entrant’s continued enrollment and/or participation in the Sweepstakes constitutes acceptance of the modified terms.

10. Questions? If you have any questions, you may contact us at Contact Us.


Hello Millions
© 2024 HelloMillions.com | All rights reserved.

At HelloMillions.com it is ALWAYS FREE to enter our Sweepstakes games. No Purchase Necessary. Void where prohibited by law. Find out more in our Sweepstakes Rules. Terms of Service apply.

About Us
About HelloMillions.com
Customer Support
Terms of Service
Sweepstakes Rules
Responsible Play
Privacy Policy
Games
Top Games
Popular Games
Pragmatic Jackpot Play
Live Dealer
Hold and Win
New Releases
Slots
Exclusive GC Games
Unlimited Play
Follow Us
facebook
instagram
twitter
tiktok
Online support 24/7: Contact Us
US Payment Related Queries (24/7):

+1 (424) 842-2482

HelloMillions.com is owned and operated by B2 US INC incorporated in Delaware, with registration number: 7163105, registered address 850 New Burton Road, Suite 201, Dover, Kent County, 19904.

© 2024 HelloMillions.com | All rights reserved.

