
search icon
Search games and game providers
Hello Millions
Recommend us and get up to SC 65 free

facebook
instagram
twitter
tiktok
Privacy Policy
Version 1.1 - Hello Millions

DATE LAST MODIFIED: February 19, 2024

AS STATED IN THE HELLO MILLIONS TERMS OF SERVICE, ALL OF YOUR ACTIVITY THROUGH THIS SITE INCLUDING THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF SERVICE - INCLUDING MANDATORY ARBITRATION PROVISIONS IN THE TERMS OF SERVICE WHICH REQUIRE YOU TO ARBITRATE ANY CLAIMS AGAINST AS AN INDIVIDUAL AND NOT AS PART OF A CLASS ACTION. YOU MAY ACCESS THE TERMS OF SERVICE HERE

This website is owned and operated by B2SERVICES OÜ (B2S). We respect your privacy and understand that you have a right to know why we collect your personal information and what we do with it. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect through our Sites (as defined below) as well as information we may collect offline.

This policy describes the type of information we collect from you and/or that you may provide us when you visit and/or use this website/other websites operated by B2S or members of its group and/or any of our mobile applications (individually or collectively, “Sites”). “You/your/user(s)” means you as a user of our Sites.

By accessing the Sites, you acknowledge this Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If there is anything you do not understand, please email any inquiry to privacy@hellomillions.com. If at any time you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Sites or provide us with any personal information.

We reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Policy by posting such changes or updates to the Sites or emailing you notice of the changes. Amendments to this Privacy Policy will be posted at this URL and will be effective when posted. You can tell if this Privacy Policy has changed by checking the last modified date that appears at the top of this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of any amendment, modification or change shall constitute your acceptance thereof.

YOUR SECURITY
We strive to keep your Personal Information private and safe. We take commercially reasonable physical, electronic and administrative steps to maintain the security of Personal Information collected, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to database servers, as well as employing electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access. All payment transactions will be handled through our third-party payment processor, and we will not have access to your credit card number or other such financial data.

Unfortunately, despite our best efforts, the transmission of data over the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we will use reasonable means to ensure the security of information you transmit through the Sites, any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk. We cannot guarantee that such information will not be intercepted by third parties, and we will not be liable for any breach of the security of your Personal Information resulting from causes or events that are beyond our control, including, without limitation, your own act or omission, corruption of storage media, defects in third-party data security products or services, power failures, natural phenomena, riots, acts of vandalism, hacking, sabotage, or terrorism, and we are not responsible for unauthorized circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Sites.

INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect various information that identifies you as a person (“Personal Information”) in two ways. First, we collect Personal Information that you provide to us. Second, we collect certain Automated Information that may contain Personal Information when you use our Sites.

Personal Information You Provide to Us
The Personal Information you provide to us is generally:

contact details including name, email, telephone number, and address;
login and account information, including unique user ID and password;
personal details including date of birth and purchase history; and
personal preferences including your wish list as well as marketing preferences.
We collect Personal Information directly from you when you provide it to us. This typically occurs when you:

Make a purchase with us online;
Send us an email or other communication;
Join any of our social networking sites;
Register for an account with us;
Participate in our promotions, surveys, and/or contests;
Play our social games;
Participate in our sweepstakes;
Automated Information
We also collect information, some of which may be Personal Information, through automated means when you visit our Sites (“Automated Information”) such as:

the IP address of the device you use to connect to the internet (which may include information about your geographic location);
the unique identifiers of your device;
your browser characteristics;
your device characteristics;
your operating system;
your language preferences;
the URLs through which you were referred to our Site;
information on actions taken by you on our Site;
dates and times of your visits to our Site; or
the pages you accessed on our Site.
We collect Automated Information automatically as you navigate through our Site as explained further below.

We may collect information, which may include certain Personal Information data such as your IP address, from your browser when you use our Sites. We use a variety of methods, such as cookies and pixel tags to collect this information, which may include your (a) IP address; (b) unique cookie identifier, cookie information and information on whether your device has software to access certain features; (c) unique device identifier and device type; (d) domain, browser type and language; (e) operating system and system settings; (f) country and time zone; (g) previously visited websites; (h) information about your interaction with our Sites such as click behavior, purchases and indicated preferences; and (i) access times and referring URLs.

Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. If you do not wish to have cookies on your system, you can set your browser to refuse them. Please review the specific instructions from your browser in order to do this. However, please note that not accepting cookies may make certain features of our Sites unavailable or difficult to view or use.

In some of our email messages we may use a “click-through URL” linked to content on our Sites. When you click one of these URLs, you will pass through our web server before arriving at the destination web page. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our Sites. If you prefer not to be tracked through our emails, simply avoid clicking text or graphic links in the email.

Third parties may also collect information via our Sites through cookies, third party plug-ins and widgets in order to deliver our targeted advertisements to you across the Internet.

Our web server may collect clickstream information such as the address (or URL) of the website that you came from before visiting the Sites, which pages you visit on the Sites, which browser you used to view the Sites, and any search terms you may have entered on our site, among other things. The Sites may also use other technologies to track which pages our visitors view.

HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Most commonly we will use your Personal Information in the following circumstances:

Where you have asked us to do so, or consented to us doing so;
Where we need to do so in order to perform a contract we have entered into with you;
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your fundamental;
rights do not override those interests; and
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
We are committed to maintaining your trust and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share Personal Information and information collected about you. We do not share your Personal Information with any third parties except as set forth herein.

We may disclose your Personal Information to outside individuals and/or companies that help us bring you the products and services we offer and to create, operate, and maintain our Sites. For example, we may work with third parties to: (a) manage a database of customer information; (b) assist us in distributing e-mails; (c) assist us with direct marketing and data collection; (d) provide data storage and analysis; (e) provide fraud prevention; (f) provide customer service; (g) provide order fulfillment and/or delivery services; and (h) provide other services designed to assist us in developing and running our Sites and maximizing our business potential. We require that these outside companies agree to keep all information shared with them confidential and to use the information only to perform their obligations to us.

If we seek investors or go through a business transition, including but not limited to, a merger, acquisition by another company, or a sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be shared as part of the negotiation of the transaction and will likely be among the assets transferred in the event of a sale or partial sale of our assets.

We may disclose your Personal Information when legally required to do so, to cooperate with law enforcement investigations or other legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Website, to limit our legal liability and protect our rights or to protect the rights, property or safety of Users of the Sites or the public.

TARGETED ADVERTISING AND REMARKETING
You may see advertisements for our products/services on other websites and mobile applications because we work with third party advertisers to engage in remarketing and retargeting activities. Through our relationships with these advertisers, we can target messaging to our users by interest-based, demographic, contextual, and other means. These third-party advertisers track your online activities over time and across websites and mobile applications by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of third-party cookies, web server logs, and web beacons. They use this information to show you advertisements that may be tailored to your individual interests. The information our advertising partners may collect includes data about your visits to websites and mobile applications that participate in the relevant advertising networks, such as the pages or advertisements you view and the actions you take on the websites or apps. This data collection takes place both on our Sites and on third-party websites and mobile applications that participate in the advertising networks. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. Some third-party advertising companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offer a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies (www.networkadvertising.org).

See the “Privacy Notice for California Residents” here.

OTHER WEBSITES
Our Sites may contain links or references to websites operated by third parties, or you may have come to our Sites using a link found in another website. This does not mean that we endorse these websites or the goods or services they provide. We do not make any representations or warranties about any website that may be linked to the Site. Such other websites are independent from us, and we have no control over, or responsibility for, their information, products or activities. Our privacy practices may differ from those of these other websites. If you provide Personal Information at one of these third-party websites, you are subject to the privacy policy of the operator of that website, not our Privacy Policy. Please make sure you understand the other website's privacy policy before providing such website with any Personal Information.

If you use a third-party website or application (e.g. Facebook, Google +, Twitter) to access our Sites or your account on our Sites, your activities on such third-party sites or apps are governed by the privacy practices of those sites or apps. The privacy policies of other sites and apps may differ significantly from ours, and we have no control over the operation of those sites or apps or the manner in which the collect, store, or process data.

YOUR CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION AND OPTING OUT
There are ways by which you can control how your Personal Information is used.

Tracking
You can set your browser to refuse some or all cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Please visit your specific browser’s instructions for doing this. The “Help” function on most browsers contains information on how you can set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies, or you can disable them entirely. If you opt out of cookies, you will not be able to take advantage of various features of the Sites that are available to other users. For example, we may use cookies to recognize you by name when you return to this site so you don’t have to login again and provide your password each time. If you use more than one browser, you will need to change each browser’s settings in order to refuse cookies.

Promotional Offers
If you do not wish to receive our email promotional offers by emailing privacy@hellomillions.com, or clicking on the “unsubscribe” link found in emails we send to you. Please allow up to ten (10) business days for changes to your email preferences to take effect. During that time, you may continue to receive email communications from us that were already in process. Opting out of receiving our communications will not affect your receipt of service-related communications, such as payment confirmations and delivery status updates, if we have a data breach, or other such communications for which we have a legal obligation to inform you and/or to prevent fraud or harm to our Sites, our business, and/or third parties.

Advertising
If you do not want us to use information that we collect for us to deliver advertisements to you, you can opt-out of receiving such advertising.

You may opt out of Internet-based and mobile advertising on your mobile device by visiting TRUSTe’s Ad Preference Manager, currently available at https://preferences-mgr.truste.com/, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer choice page, currently available at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, or the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) opt out tool currently available at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.

When using the ad industry opt out tools described above, note that: (a) if you opt-out we may still collect some data about your online activity for operational purposes (such as fraud prevention), but it will not be used by us for the purpose of targeting ads to you; (b) if you use multiple browsers or devices you may need to execute this opt out on each browser or device; and (c) other ad companies’ opt-outs may function differently than our opt-out, and we have no control over the practices of any third-parties. We do not make any representations or warranties about such opt-out services. Such services are independent from us, and we have no control over, or responsibility for their performance.

Analytics
Our Sites use Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google, Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, www.google.com (“Google Analytics” or “Google”). Google Analytics employs cookies that are stored to your computer in order to facilitate an analysis of your use of the site. The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place and frequency of your visits to our site, including your IP address and email, is transmitted to Google’s location in the US and stored there.

Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law or where such third parties process this data on Google’s behalf. Google states that it will in never associate your IP address with other data held by Google. You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly as noted elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our Sites.

Google Analytics also offers a deactivation add-on for most current browsers that provides you with more control over what data Google can collect on websites you access. The add-on tells the JavaScript (ga.js) used by Google Analytics not to transmit any information about website visits to Google Analytics. However, the browser deactivation add-on offered by Google Analytics does not prevent information from being transmitted to us or to other web analysis services we may engage.

Google Analytics also uses electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes called single pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our Sites are used.

You can find additional information on how to install the browser add-on referenced above at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.

Our products and services use Google Analytics and its associated tracking technologies to help display our ads you see on other sites, and to help us manage and optimize our online advertising efforts. To opt out of Google Analytics Advertising Features, visit https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=en or you may access the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser Add-on, currently located at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

In addition, we use Microsoft Clarity (clarity.microsoft.com), AppsFlyer (www.appsflyer.com) , Bloomreach (www.bloomreach.com), Seon (www.seon.io) and Graphyte (graphyte.ai) for analytics.

DISCLOSURE FOR LEGAL PURPOSES
You hereby authorize us to disclose any of your Personal Information pursuant to judicial and administrative proceedings and to law enforcement or government agencies if we are legally required to do so. You also authorize us to disclose Personal Information if we believe the disclosure is necessary or appropriate in the event of an investigation of improper or illegal conduct in connection with the Sites, such as fraud, misrepresentation, intellectual property infringement, or other activity that may put us at risk for liability.

DISPUTES
This Privacy Policy will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware and the United States of America, without regard to its conflict-of-law provisions. By visiting the Sites, you agree that, except as otherwise specified herein, the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern any dispute of any sort that might arise between us or any of our affiliates regarding your visit and use of the Sites.

We and you agree that in the event of any dispute, the party wishing to address the dispute must contact the other party in writing, including by e-mail, and advise the other party of the dispute in reasonable detail as well as informing the other party of the remedy being sought. We may send you notices via the email address you provide to us, and all notices to us shall be sent to the following email address: privacy@hellomillions.com and include the words “DISPUTE NOTICE” in the subject. The parties shall then make a good faith effort to resolve the dispute before resorting to more formal means of resolution. In the event that the dispute is not resolved through this procedure, the party raising the dispute may proceed to mandatory arbitration as set forth in the Terms of Service.

CHILDREN
We do not knowingly permit persons under 18 years of age to use the Sites, and we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personal Information from anyone under 18 years of age. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 18, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records.

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
We do not want you to send to us any confidential or proprietary information through email or otherwise. Any information, materials, suggestions, ideas or comments sent to us will be considered non-confidential, and by submitting the same to us, you are giving us the absolute right to use, modify, reproduce, transmit, display and distribute the information for any purpose whatsoever, with no payment or other compensation to you. However, we will not use your name unless we are required by law to identify the source of the materials, information, suggestions, ideas or comments, or unless we first obtain your permission.

ASSIGNMENT
We may freely assign this Privacy Policy or any of our rights and/or obligations hereunder to any successor.

CONTACT
If you have any questions about your privacy or security at the Sites, or wish to update your Personal Information, please send an email to privacy@hellomillions.com.


Hello Millions
© 2024 HelloMillions.com | All rights reserved.

At HelloMillions.com it is ALWAYS FREE to enter our Sweepstakes games. No Purchase Necessary. Void where prohibited by law. Find out more in our Sweepstakes Rules. Terms of Service apply.

About Us
About HelloMillions.com
Customer Support
Terms of Service
Sweepstakes Rules
Responsible Play
Privacy Policy
Games
Top Games
Popular Games
Pragmatic Jackpot Play
Live Dealer
Hold and Win
New Releases
Slots
Exclusive GC Games
Unlimited Play
Follow Us
facebook
instagram
twitter
tiktok
Online support 24/7: Contact Us
US Payment Related Queries (24/7):

+1 (424) 842-2482

HelloMillions.com is owned and operated by B2 US INC incorporated in Delaware, with registration number: 7163105, registered address 850 New Burton Road, Suite 201, Dover, Kent County, 19904.

© 2024 HelloMillions.com | All rights reserved.


