Customer Acceptance Policy
Lauren
Lauren
Updated 3 days ago
Not yet followed by anyone
Customer Acceptance Policy
VERSION: 4.0 

DATE UPDATED: February 14, 2023
 

1. WHO WILL LUCKYLAND SLOTS ACCEPT AS A CUSTOMER?
Luckyland Slots will do business with you, only if you: 

are a natural person (Luckyland Slots does not accept companies or any other legal entities as customers)
have read and agreed to the most recent applicable Terms of Service (including any applicable Privacy Policy, Sweeps Rules, Responsible Social Gameplay Policy and this customer acceptance policy) (Terms and Conditions)
follow such Terms and Conditions at all times
register with and transact on any Luckyland Slots platform on your own behalf
use payment mediums for which you are the legal and beneficial owner
are over the age of 18 years
reside in the United States (excluding the states of Michigan, Montana or Washington)
are satisfactorily identified and verified under Luckyland Slots’ anti-financial crime programme
satisfy Luckyland Slots’ due diligence measures (as applicable) including source of wealth and funds checks
provide information and documents as requested by Luckyland Slots, in accordance with Luckyland Slots’ anti-financial crime programme
are not:
 a politically exposed person (past or present) (PEP)
a family member or close associate of a PEP
named on any sanctions list issued by the United Nations, the European Union, the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada, Australia or any other sanctions list applicable to Luckyland Slots from time to time
directly or indirectly linked to countries or territories subject to comprehensive sanctions
an individual with a risk profile falling outside of Luckyland Slots’ risk tolerance as determined in Luckyland Slots’ sole discretion.
If you are accepted as a customer, Luckyland Slots may ask you to give extra information if Luckyland Slots either:

classifies you as high risk
or deems the extra information necessary from time to time.
 

2. WHAT MAKES LUCKYLAND SLOTS CLASSIFY A CUSTOMER AS HIGH RISK?
Luckyland Slots continually screens accepted customer’s information, purchases, redemptions, game activity and behaviours for relevant financial crime risk indicators. Depending on the specific facts and context, customers will be classified as having a low, medium or high risk level. Luckyland Slots will classify a customer as high risk where they present or are likely to present money laundering, funding of terrorism or other financial crime risk which has financial or reputational consequences to Luckyland Slots.

While Luckyland Slots seeks to investigate any financial crime risk alerts within a reasonable timeframe, compliance with applicable laws may result in delays while additional due diligence is conducted and relevant information obtained.

 

3. WHAT KIND OF EXTRA INFORMATION WILL LUCKYLAND SLOTS REQUEST?
If Luckyland Slots classifies you as high risk or determines that extra information is required, you may be asked to provide information on, or evidence of, your: 

income-generating activities
estimated net worth or sources of wealth
anticipated pattern and level of Gold Coin purchases
sources of funds used on a particular Gold Coin purchase transaction or series of Gold Coin purchase transactions
identity attributes in question including name, date of birth and address.
If you fail or refuse to submit, within the timeframe communicated by Luckyland Slots, the required information, Luckyland Slots reserves the right to terminate the business relationship with you and close your account.

 

4. WHY DOES LUCKYLAND SLOTS DO THIS?
Luckyland Slots is required to maintain an anti-financial crime compliance programme which includes assessing the level of financial crime risk presented by its customers and accepting only those customers whom it assesses as having an acceptable level of risk. This requirement is set by:

the laws applicable to Luckyland Slots
its third party service providers 
 

5. WHAT ARE THE KEY ASPECTS OF LUCKYLAND SLOTS’ ANTI-FINANCIAL CRIME PROGRAMME?
The key aspects of Luckyland Slots’ anti-financial crime programme include but are not limited to: 

the appointment of a money laundering reporting officer or alternative position as required by local
regulation
a customer due diligence programme incorporating customer identification and verification based on information issued or obtained from independent and reliable sources and know your customer principles
conducting enhanced due diligence on customers assessed as higher risk
implementing processes and systems to monitor customer transactions to identify suspicious activity
investigating and, where appropriate, reporting suspicious activity to applicable regulatory bodies
compulsory training of Luckyland Slots employees and contractors in relation to financial crime risks
prohibiting business with customers with an unacceptable level of risk
continually monitoring levels of purchases and redemptions and evaluating these against anticipated account activity, the estimated net worth of the customer and the data and information retained on the customer’s economic profile
investigating any significant deviations in what Luckyland Slots understands of a customer’s economic profile and their level of purchases
additional local requirements applicable to Luckyland Slots from time to time.