Chumba Casino Terms and Conditions
VERSION: 8.0
DATE OF LAST UPDATE: January 23, 2024
These Terms and Conditions form a binding legal agreement between you and us and apply to your use of any of our
Games or our Platform in any way, through any electronic device (web, mobile, tablet or any other device).
PLEASE NOTE THAT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS INCLUDE A PROVISION WAIVING THE RIGHT TO
PURSUE ANY CLASS, GROUP OR REPRESENTATIVE CLAIM AND REQUIRING YOU TO PURSUE PAST,
PENDING, AND FUTURE DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US THROUGH INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION UNLESS
YOU OPT OUT WITHIN THE SPECIFIED TIME FRAME. SEE CLAUSE 24 FOR MORE INFORMATION.
You must read these Terms and Conditions carefully in their entirety before checking the box for acceptance. By
checking the box for acceptance during the registration process, or by accessing the Games or creating a Customer
Account, you confirm that you have read and agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, which include and are
inseparably linked to our Privacy Policy, Responsible Social Gameplay Policy, Sweeps Rules, Customer Acceptance
Policy and other game-specific or promotion-specific terms relevant to your Participation.
If you do not agree with any provision of these Terms and Conditions or any other linked policy, rules or terms you may
not install or use the Platform or play any Game.
THE GAMES AND PLATFORM DO NOT OFFER REAL MONEY GAMBLING, AND NO ACTUAL MONEY IS
REQUIRED TO PLAY.
ONLY PLAYERS IN THE UNITED STATES (EXCLUDING THE STATES OF IDAHO, MICHIGAN, MONTANA AND
WASHINGTON) AND CANADA (EXCLUDING QUEBEC) ARE ELIGIBLE TO ENTER THE SWEEPSTAKES.
PLEASE REFER TO CLAUSE 1.1 OF THE SWEEPS RULES TO CHECK YOUR ELIGIBILITY.
YOU CAN REQUEST REDEMPTION OF ANY PRIZES BY SELECTING THE “REDEEM” BUTTON ON THE
PLATFORM. WHERE YOU REDEEM PRIZES FOR GIFT CARDS, SUCH PRIZES WILL BE ALLOCATED TO THE
EMAIL ADDRESS REGISTERED AGAINST YOUR CUSTOMER ACCOUNT, AND IF THIS IS NOT TECHNICALLY
POSSIBLE, THEN TO AN ALTERNATIVE EMAIL ADDRESS YOU HAVE DESIGNATED. WHERE YOU REDEEM
PRIZES FOR CASH, SUCH PRIZES WILL BE PAID TO THE PAYMENT MEDIUM FROM WHICH YOU PURCHASED
GOLD COINS, AND IF THIS IS NOT TECHNICALLY POSSIBLE, THEN THROUGH AN ELECTRONIC PAYMENT TO
THE BANK ACCOUNT YOU HAVE DESIGNATED.
1. DEFINITIONS
Collective Arbitration means any claim as part of a class, group, collective, coordinated, consolidated, mass,
or representative proceeding.
Content means text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logos, sounds,
music, artwork, computer code and other material used, displayed or available as part of the Games and
Platform. Content includes Gold Coins and Sweeps Coins.
Customer Account means an account held by a Registered Customer.
Excluded Territory means the states of Washington, Michigan and Montana in the United States, as well as
any outlying U.S. territories or possessions, the province of Quebec in Canada, and any other jurisdiction
outside of the United States and Canada.
Fraudulent Conduct means any of the conduct described in clause 11.1.
Game means any one or more Game(s) available on the Platform in either Standard Play or Promotional Play.
We reserve the right to add and/or remove Games from the Platform (including limiting their availability in
certain jurisdictions) at our sole discretion for any reason.
Gold Coin means the virtual social gameplay token which enables you to play the Standard Play Games.
Gold Coins have no monetary value and cannot under any circumstance be redeemed for prizes.
Inactive Account means a Customer Account which has not recorded any log in or log out for a period
exceeding 12 consecutive months.
Merchandise means any physical goods provided to you by Chumba Casino as a reward or as a
competition or tournament prize.
MGA means the Malta Gaming Authority.
Participate means playing any Games or using our Platform in any manner whatsoever, including any of the
conduct described in clause 3.
Payment Administration Agent means the service provided through any related body corporate, affiliate, or
third party we appoint to act as our agent, including but not limited to VGW Holdings Limited, VGW Corporation
Pty Ltd, VGW Malta Holding Limited, VGW Administration Malta Limited, Agence V Limited, VGW Holdings
US Inc, VGW US Inc and VGW Luckyland Inc.
Payment Medium means any card, online wallet, financial/bank account or other payment medium used to
purchase Gold Coins.
Platform means the services provided through any URL or mobile application belonging to, or licensed to,
VGW Group, and branded as part of the “Chumba” family of games, including the website located at
https://www.chumbacasino.com, and all subdomains, subpages and successor sites thereof, as well as all
Games, features, tools and services available thereon.
Player or you means any person who Participates, whether or not a Registered Customer.
Player Support Team performs the player support function referred to in section 39(1) of the Player
Protection Directive.
Prizes means prizes won when playing Promotional Play Games which are redeemable for valuable prizes
in accordance with the Sweeps Rules.
Promotional Play means participation in our sweepstakes promotions by playing any games on the Platform
with Sweeps Coins.
Registered Customer means a Player who has successfully registered a Customer Account, whether that
account is considered active or not.
Standard Play means participating in any game on the Platform played with Gold Coins. We may give you
Gold Coins free of charge when you sign up to a Platform and thereafter at regular intervals when you log into
a Platform. You may win more Gold Coins when you play in Standard Play and you may purchase more Gold
Coins on the Platform. You cannot win prizes when you Participate in Standard Play.
Sweeps Coins means sweepstakes entries subject to the Sweeps Rules. We may give you Sweeps Coins
free of charge when you sign up to a Platform, as a bonus when you purchase Gold Coins or via each of our
free alternative methods of entry as set out in the Sweeps Rules. You may win more Sweeps Coins when you
Participate in Promotional Play. YOU CANNOT PURCHASE SWEEPS COINS.
Sweeps Rules means the Sweeps Rules available on the Platform.
Terms and Conditions means these terms and conditions, as amended from time to time.
Third Party Website means a third party website not controlled by us.
VGW GP means VGW GP Limited (company registration number C78260) a limited liability company
incorporated in Malta, and subject to Maltese law, having its registered address at Trident Park, Notabile
Gardens No6 – Level 3 Central Business District Mdina Road, Zone 2 BIRKIRKARA, CBD2010, Malta.
VGW Group, we, us or our means VGW Games, VGW Malta and VGW GP.
VGW Malta means VGW Malta Limited (company registration number C74706) a limited liability company
incorporated in Malta, and subject to Maltese law, having its registered address at Trident Park, Notabile
Gardens No6 – Level 3 Central Business District Mdina Road, Zone 2 BIRKIRKARA, CBD2010, Malta.
VGW Games means VGW Games Limited (company registration number C76814) a limited liability company
incorporated in Malta, and subject to Maltese law, having its registered address at Trident Park, Notabile
Gardens No6 – Level 3 Central Business District Mdina Road, Zone 2 BIRKIRKARA, CBD2010, Malta.
2. LICENSING AND THE PROTECTION OF FUNDS
2.1. The online social game known as “Chumba Casino” is owned and operated by VGW Malta. All payments are
processed by VGW Malta or any Payment Administration Agent it appoints. The sweepstakes promotions and
Prizes offered by Chumba Casino are operated by VGW Games. VGW Games is licensed and regulated in
Malta by the MGA to operate the Promotional Play Games with the Licence MGA/B2C/188/2010 dated 14
August 2017.
2.2. Funds equal to the aggregate value of Prizes which Registered Customers have chosen to leave unredeemed
are held by VGW Games in accounts separate from its business account. This means that steps have been
taken to protect such funds, but that in the event of insolvency there is no absolute guarantee that any Prizes
which you have not yet redeemed will be allocated or paid to you.
3. YOUR PARTICIPATION
Restrictions
3.1. You declare and warrant that:
(a) you are over 18 years of age or such higher minimum legal age of majority as stipulated in the jurisdiction
of your residence and are, under the laws applicable to you, legally allowed to participate in the Games
offered on the Platform;
(b) WHEN PARTICIPATING IN:
i. STANDARD PLAY, YOU DO NOT RESIDE IN OR ACCESS THE PLATFORM FROM THE
EXCLUDED TERRITORIES; AND
ii. PROMOTIONAL PLAY, YOU DO NOT RESIDE IN OR ACCESS THE PLATFORM FROM THE
EXCLUDED TERRITORIES OR THE STATE OF IDAHO;
(c) you participate in the Games strictly in your personal capacity for recreational and entertainment
purposes only;
(d) you participate in the Games on your own behalf and not on the behalf of any other person;
(e) all information that you provide to us during the term of validity of these Terms and Conditions is true,
complete and correct, and you will immediately notify us of any change to such information;
(f) money that you use to purchase Gold Coins is not tainted with any illegality and, in particular, does not
originate from any illegal activity or source, or from ill-gotten means;
(g) you will not purchase Gold Coins from a business or corporate account, but only an account held in your
name;
(h) you will not be involved in any fraudulent, collusive, fixing or other unlawful activity in relation to your or
third parties’ participation in any of the Games and you will not use any software-assisted methods or
techniques (including but not limited to bots designed to play automatically) or hardware devices for
your participation in any of the Games. We reserve the right to invalidate any participation in the event
of such behaviour;
(i) in relation to the purchase of Gold Coins, you must only use a valid Payment Medium which lawfully
belongs to you; and
(j) you will not sell or trade for value, or seek to sell or trade for value, or accept as a sale or trade for value,
any Merchandise provided to you by Chumba Casino.
3.2. GOLD COIN PURCHASES MADE FROM WITHIN THE STATES OF WASHINGTON, MICHIGAN AND
MONTANA IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA WILL BE VOIDED AND REFUNDED, MINUS AN
ADMINISTRATIVE FEE OF UP TO 10% OF THE TOTAL PURCHASES MADE BY THE PLAYER, IN
ADDITION TO ANY CHARGES THAT MAY BE LEVIED BY THE BANK OR FINANCIAL INSTITUTION
MANAGING THE AFOREMENTIONED REVERSAL.
3.3. It is a Player’s responsibility to ensure that their Participation is lawful in their jurisdiction. Any person who is
knowingly in breach of clause 3, including any attempt to circumvent this restriction, for example, by using a
VPN, proxy or similar service that masks or manipulates the identification of your real location, or by otherwise
providing false or misleading information regarding your location or place of residence, or by Participating from
an Excluded Territory or through a third party or on behalf of a third party located in an Excluded Territory, is
in breach of these Terms and Conditions. You may be committing fraud and may be subject to criminal
prosecution.
Eligible Players
3.4. Employees of VGW Group, any of their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, holding companies, advertising
agencies, or any other company or individual involved with the design, production, execution or distribution of
the Games and their immediate family (spouse, parents, siblings and children, whether the relationship is by
birth, marriage or adoption) and household members (people who share the same residence at least 3 months
of the year) are not eligible to Participate.
4. LICENCE
4.1. Subject to your agreement and continuing compliance with these Terms and Conditions, VGW Group grants
you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, limited licence to access and
use the Platform and the Content through a supported Web browser or mobile device, solely for your personal,
private entertainment and no other reason.
4.2. These Terms and Conditions do not grant you any right, title or interest in the Platform or Content.
4.3. You acknowledge and agree that your licence to use the Platform is limited by these Terms and Conditions
and if you do not agree to, or act in contravention of, these Terms and Conditions, your licence to use the
Platform (including the Games and Content) may be immediately terminated.
4.4. Where the Platform or any Game is deemed to be illegal under the laws of the jurisdiction in which you reside
or are situated, you will not be granted any licence to, and must refrain from accessing, the Platform or relevant
Game.
5. YOUR CUSTOMER ACCOUNT
Single Account
5.1. You are allowed to have only one Customer Account, including any Inactive Account, on the Platform. If you
attempt to open more than one Customer Account, all accounts you have opened or try to open may be
suspended or closed and the consequences described in clause 21.3 may be enforced.
5.2. You must notify us immediately if you notice that you have more than one registered Customer Account,
whether active or not, on any one Platform. DO NOT CREATE A NEW CUSTOMER ACCOUNT IF YOU WISH
TO CHANGE YOUR EMAIL, ADDRESS OR SURNAME.
Accuracy
5.3. You are required to keep your registration details up to date at all times. If you change your address, email,
phone number or any other contact details or personal information contact Customer Support via this form and
choose ‘Request Support’ from the drop down menu in order to update your details. The name that you provide
to us at registration must be identical to that listed on your government issued identification.
Security and Responsibility of Your Customer Account
5.4. As part of the registration process, you will have to choose a password to login into the Platform, unless you
login to your Customer Account using the Facebook® login facility in which case your Facebook® password
will apply.
5.5. It is your sole and exclusive responsibility to ensure that your Customer Account login details and any Payment
Mediums are kept secure and are only accessible by you. You accept full responsibility for any unauthorised
use of your Customer Account and any activity linked to your Customer Account, including by a minor (which
in all events is prohibited).
5.6. You must not share your Customer Account or password with another person, let anyone else access or use
your Customer Account or do any other thing that may jeopardise the security of your Customer Account.
5.7. If you become aware of, or reasonably suspect that security in your Customer Account has been compromised,
including loss, theft or unauthorised disclosure of your password and Customer Account details, you must
notify us immediately.
5.8. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and you will be held responsible
for all uses of your Customer Account, including any purchases made under the Customer Account, whether
those purchases were authorised by you or not.
5.9. You are solely responsible for anything that happens through your Customer Account, whether or not you
undertook those actions. You acknowledge that your Customer Account may be terminated if someone else
uses it and engages in any activity that breaches these Terms and Conditions or is otherwise illegal.
5.10. We are not responsible for any abuse or misuse of your Customer Account by third parties due to your
disclosure of your login details to any third party, whether such disclosure is intentional or accidental, active or
passive.
Account Transfers
5.11. You may not transfer Gold Coins or Sweeps Coins between Customer Accounts, or from your Customer
Account to other players, or to receive Gold Coins or Sweeps Coins from other Customer Accounts into your
Customer Account, or to transfer, sell or acquire Customer Accounts. Any attempt to circumvent these
prohibitions is ground for immediate closure of your Customer Account, without prejudice to any other rights
or remedies available to us.
Inactive Customer Accounts
5.12. We reserve the right to close your Customer Account if it is deemed to be an Inactive Account.
Closing of Customer Accounts
5.13. If you wish to close your Customer Account you may do so at any time by selecting the “Contact Us” link on
the Platform and submitting a request to close your Customer Account. Closing your Customer Account will
forfeit all continued access to and right to use, enjoy or benefit from any Gold Coins, Sweeps Coins and
unredeemed Prizes associated with your Customer Account.
5.14. If the reason behind the closure of your Customer Account is related to concerns about possible responsible
social gameplay issues you must indicate this in your request to close your Customer Account. Further details
are provided in our Responsible Social Gameplay Policy.
5.15. You may be able to open your Customer Account again by sending a request to the Customer Support team.
All requests for the re-opening of an account will be evaluated by our Customer Support and Compliance
teams, who abide by strict customer protection guidelines.
Discretion to Refuse or Close Accounts
5.16. We reserve the right to place limits on, suspend, close, or refuse to open a Customer Account in our sole
discretion. If we close your Customer Account pursuant to clause 21.1 of these Terms and Conditions, the
consequences set out in clause 21 shall apply. If we close your Customer Account for other reasons, we will
make reasonable efforts to enable you to redeem any Prizes in your Customer Account, but any licence to
continued use, enjoyment or benefit of or from the Gold Coins and Sweeps Coins will be terminated.
6. GAMES
Rules
6.1. Games offered on the Platform may have their own rules which are available on the Platform. It is your
responsibility to read the rules of a Game before playing. You must familiarise yourself with the applicable
terms of play and read the relevant rules before playing any Game.
Gold Coin Purchases
6.2. The Payment Medium you use to purchase Gold Coins must be legally and beneficially owned by you and in
your name. If it comes to our attention that the name you registered on your Customer Account and the name
linked to your Payment Medium differ, your Customer Account will be immediately suspended. Should your
Customer Account be suspended, we recommend that you contact Customer Support via this form for details
regarding our verification process.
6.3. We reserve the right to request documents and information to verify the legal and beneficial ownership of the
Payment Medium you use to make Gold Coin purchases.
6.4. You agree that we and our Payment Administration Agents and payments facilitators may store your payment
information (e.g., card number or token) to process your future purchases. By accepting these Terms and
Conditions, you authorize VGW Malta and our Payment Administration Agents and payments facilitators to
store your payment credentials in compliance with applicable payment processing regulations.
6.5. VGW Malta begins processing a payment for the purchase of Gold Coins when you click on the “MAKE
PAYMENT” button.
6.6. No Refunds. Purchases of Gold Coins are final and are not refundable, transferable or exchangeable. You
agree to notify us about any billing problems or discrepancies within 30 days from the date of your purchase.
If you do not bring them to our attention within 30 days, you agree that you waive your right to dispute such
problems or discrepancies. You are responsible for and agree to reimburse us for all reversals, charge-backs,
claims, fees, fines, penalties and any other liability incurred by us (including costs and related expenses) that
were caused by or arising out of payments that you authorized or accepted or that were authorized or accepted
using your Customer Account (even if not authorized by you).
Gold Coin and Sweeps Coins Balance
6.7. You may participate in any Game only if you have sufficient Gold Coins or Sweeps Coins (as applicable) in
your Customer Account for such Participation. We will not extend you any credit whatsoever for the purchase
of Gold Coins or otherwise.
6.8. From time to time, we may assign minimum or maximum Gold Coin purchases as specified and offered on the
Platform.
6.9. Once a Gold Coin purchase has been made, the funds will be drawn from your Payment Medium as soon as
practicable.
6.10. The purchase of Gold Coins is the purchase of a licence that allows you to Participate in Standard Play Games
and is not the deposit of funds which can be withdrawn. Funds used to purchase Gold Coins will not, and
cannot, be refunded to you, except as provided for in clause 6.6. Gold Coins do not have any real money
value.
6.11. Gold Coins or Sweeps Coins that have been submitted for play and accepted cannot be changed, withdrawn
or cancelled and the Gold Coins or Sweeps Coins (whichever applicable) will be drawn from your Gold Coin
or Sweeps Coins balance instantly.
6.12. If you are found to have one or more of your purchases returned or reversed or charged back, your Customer
Account will be suspended. If this occurs, the amount of such purchases will constitute a debt owed by you to
us and you must immediately remit payment for such purchases through an alternative payment method. Until
payment is received by us or our Payment Administration Agent, any purchases and winnings will be deemed
void and requests to redeem Sweeps Coins for Prizes will not be allowed.
6.13. In accordance with the Sweeps Rules:
(a) unless we require otherwise in accordance with clause 6.13(b), any Sweeps Coin allocated to you is
only required to be played once before it is eligible to be redeemed as a Prize; and
(b) we may, in our sole discretion, require that any Sweeps Coins allocated to you be played a greater
number of times (not exceeding 20) in any combination of Promotional Play Games before it is able to
be redeemed as a Prize.
Void Games
6.14. We reserve the right to declare Participation in a Game void, partially or in full, if, in our sole discretion, we
deem it obvious that there was an error, mistake, misprint or technical error on the pay-table, win-table,
minimum or maximum stakes, odds or software.
Final Decision
6.15. In the event of a discrepancy between the result showing on a user’s device and the VGW Group server
software, the result showing on the VGW Group server software will be the official and governing result.
7. PROMOTIONS
7.1. All promotions, including Games played in Promotional Play, contests, special offers and bonuses, are subject
to these Terms and Conditions, the Sweeps Rules and to additional terms that may be published at the time
of the promotion.
7.2. In the event and to the extent of any conflict between these Terms and Conditions and any promotion-specific
terms and conditions, the promotion-specific terms and conditions will prevail.
7.3. VGW Group reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to withdraw or modify such promotions (including their
availability) without prior notice to you.
7.4. If, in the reasonable opinion of VGW Group, we form the view that a Registered Customer is abusing any
promotion, to derive any advantage or gain for themselves or other Registered Customers, including by way
of Fraudulent Conduct, we may, at our sole discretion, withhold, deny or cancel any advantage, bonus or Prize
as we see fit.
7.5. Without limiting clause 12.4, you confirm that you grant VGW Group an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, nonexclusive, royalty-free licence to use in whatever way we see fit, and without further acknowledgement of you
as the author, any Content you post or publish as part of a promotion, contest or competition.
8. REDEMPTION OF PRIZES
Prize Redemption Methods
8.1. Subject to these Terms and Conditions:
(a) When you choose to redeem Prizes for gift cards, the gift cards will be allocated to the email address
that you have registered against your Customer Account, or if this is not technically possible, then to an
alternative email address you nominate, provided that email address is also your address and not that
of a third party; and
(b) When you choose to redeem Prizes for cash, the cash payment will be made to the Payment Medium
from which you purchased Gold Coins, or if this is not technically possible, then to an alternative financial
account you nominate, provided that account is legally and beneficially owned by you. We reserve the
right to require the use of the same payment method for redemption of Prizes as was used to purchase
Gold Coins, or a specific payment method at our own discretion.
Limits and Fees
8.2. We reserve the right to charge fees for processing the redemption of Prizes to you and to set a minimum
redemption threshold of SC100 for Prize redemptions.
8.3. In New York and Florida, the maximum redemption value for a Prize won on any one spin or play is USD
$5,000 and any Prize with a value in excess of USD $5,000 will be reduced to a maximum value of USD
$5,000.
8.4. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to limit the value of your Prize redemptions to:
a. USD$10,000 per day; or
b. any other amount over any time that we consider necessary to satisfy our regulatory obligations or the
requirements of our partners and suppliers.
Your Responsibility for Prize Redemptions and Accuracy of Details
8.5. When you choose to redeem Prizes for gift cards pursuant to clause 8.1(a), it is your sole responsibility to
ensure that the email address and all relevant details you provide are accurate. If the details you have provided
are not accurate, and we have processed the redemption using the details you have provided, the redemption
of that Prize is complete and we are not required to reissue the gift cards.
8.6. If no valid email address is provided to us within 60 days of a request from us to do so, VGW Group is not
obliged to allocate the gift cards to you and may in its discretion deem the Prizes to be void.
8.7. When you choose to redeem Prizes for cash, it is your sole responsibility to ensure that your financial institution
will accept payment from us into your bank account. VGW Group has no obligation to check whether your
financial institution will accept payments from us to your nominated bank account.
8.8. Subject to clause 8.9, we will not make payments into an account or online wallet which does not match your
verified name or the name you provided when registering your Customer Account, or that is not legally and
beneficially owned by you.
8.9. Prizes redeemed for cash:
(a) will be paid into a joint account or joint wallet provided that one of the names on the joint account or joint
wallet matches the name you provided when registering your Customer Account or your verified name
and all verification checks we require in relation to you and the other account holder are completed to
our satisfaction. For the avoidance of doubt, if either joint account holder does not satisfy our verification
requirements, as determined solely at our discretion, we will not make payments into the nominated
joint account;
(b) will not be paid into:
(i) a joint account or joint wallet where one of the joint owners is a minor; or
(ii) custodial accounts; or
(iii) any account held on trust for, or for the benefit of, a third party (including a minor).
8.10. Where you are required to provide the details of your financial institution, bank account or online wallet, you
agree that you are solely responsible for the accuracy of those details. You further agree that, where you have
chosen to redeem a Prize for cash and the details you have provided are not accurate, and we have processed
the payment using the details you have provided, the redemption of that Prize is complete and we cannot and
are not required to reverse or reissue the payment.
8.11. You acknowledge and agree that, if your financial institution will not accept payments from VGW Group or
where your bank account or online wallet does not meet the requirements in these Terms and Conditions:
(a) you will be required to nominate an alternative bank account for the payment;
(b) there will be delays in the processing of the payment to you; and
(c) if you are unable to nominate an alternative bank account which meets the requirements set out in these
Terms and Conditions within 60 days of a request from us to do so, VGW Group is not obliged to make
the relevant payments to you and may in its discretion deem the Prizes to be void.
Currency
8.12. All Gold Coin purchases and direct bank transfer payments are executed in USD. It is a Player’s responsibility
to ensure that their nominated bank account can accept transactions in USD.
8.13. All foreign exchange transaction fees, charges or related costs that you may incur as a result of, or in relation
to, payments made by the VGW Group to you are to be borne solely by you, including but not limited to any
losses or additional costs arising from foreign exchange fluctuations.
Timing and Frequency for Prize Redemptions
8.14. We process requests to redeem Prizes in the order in which they are received. Our goal is to process your
request as soon as practicable.
8.15. We will only process one Prize redemption request per Customer Account in any 24 hour period.
8.16. Where you choose to redeem Prizes for cash you acknowledge and agree that it may take up to 10 business
days to process the relevant payment into your nominated bank account.
8.17. There may be delays in payments due to our identity verification process and certain Payment Mediums will
require additional verification at the time of redemption.
8.18. Payments of over US$10,000 may require a longer processing time than usual due to bank clearance and
security and fraud checks and may also be paid in more than one lump sum. This may add up to 7 days to the
normal processing time but is dependent on the circumstances of each individual case.
8.19. Without limiting clause 8.2, you can request to redeem a Prize of any value; however, we reserve the right to:
a. reject a Prize redemption request on the basis that it exceeds the limits referred to in clause 8.3 or 8.4;
or
b. allocate or pay Prizes in smaller increments over a number of days until all of the Prize has been
allocated or paid.
Payment Administration Agent
8.20. You acknowledge and agree that we may in our sole discretion, from time to time, appoint one or more
Payment Administration Agents to accept or make payments (including merchant facilities) from or to Players
on our behalf.
8.21. A Payment Administration Agent will have the same rights, powers and privileges that we have under these
Terms and Conditions and will be entitled to exercise or enforce their rights, powers and privileges as our
agent or in their own name. In no event will we be liable to any Player for any loss, damage or liability resulting
from the Payment Administration Agent's negligence or acts beyond the authority given by VGW Group.
Expiry and Forfeiture
8.22. Sweeps Coins are only valid for 60 days from the date you last logged on to your Customer Account and will
thereafter automatically expire.
8.23. Sweeps Coins may be forfeited if a Customer Account is closed for any reason, or at our discretion.
Updating Payment Details
8.24. Updating or adding additional payment details for the sole purpose of redeeming Prizes may only be done by
you when logged into your Customer Account and when you are undergoing the process of redeeming a Prize.
We cannot update or add additional payment details on your behalf.
Refused Prizes
8.25. If you choose to redeem Prizes for cash but refuse to accept payments made to your nominated bank account
by VGW Group, you must refuse the amount in its entirety. Where you refuse to accept payment to your
nominated bank account more than twice in any 3 month period, VGW Group reserves the right to suspend
your Customer Account to undertake investigations to ensure that the Platform is not being used as a vehicle
for fraudulent activity.
Mistaken Additions
8.26. If at any time we mistakenly add Gold Coins or Sweeps Coins to your Customer Account that do not belong to
you, whether due to a technical error, human error or otherwise, the Gold Coins or Sweeps Coins added by
mistake will remain VGW Group property and will be deducted from your Customer Account. If you become
aware that you have mistakenly received a prize redemption that does not belong to you prior to us becoming
aware of the error, the mistakenly paid amount will (without prejudice to other remedies and actions that may
be available at law) constitute a debt owed by you to us. In the event you discover an incorrect addition of Gold
Coins or Sweeps Coins, you are obliged to notify Customer Support by using the “Contact” link on the Platform
without delay.
9. VERIFICATION
Verification Checks
9.1. You agree that we are entitled to conduct any identification, credit and other verification checks that we may
reasonably require or that are required of us under applicable laws and regulations or by relevant regulatory
authorities or to otherwise prevent financial crime.
9.2. Until all required verification checks are completed to our satisfaction:
(a) any request you have made for redemption of Prizes will remain pending; and
(b) we are entitled to restrict your Customer Account in any manner that we may reasonably deem
appropriate, including by suspending or closing your Customer Account.
9.3. We will carry out additional verification procedures in accordance with our internal anti-financial crime policies,
including without limitation for any cumulative or single redemption of Prizes exceeding a value of USD$2,000
(or any USD amount that is equivalent to or greater than €2,000 from time to time). Verification procedures
may, for example, include requests for, and our examination of, copies of your:
(a) identification documentation (including photo identification) such as a passport;
(b) proof of your address such as a utility bill; and
(c) source of wealth or source of funds documentation such as a payslip or bank statement.
9.4. Where any identification, credit or other verification check we require cannot be completed to our satisfaction
because you have not provided any document we request from you in the form that we require within 30 days’
of the date the document was first requested, then we are under no obligation to continue with the verification
check and we may, in our sole discretion, close or otherwise restrict your Customer Account in any manner
that we may reasonably deem appropriate.
9.5. Players who request the redemption of Prizes held in a suspended or closed Customer Account should contact
Customer Support via this form. Nothing in this provision should be construed as conveying a right to any such
redemption. Your rights in that regard are as set out elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions.
External Verification Checks
9.6. You agree that VGW Group may use third party service providers to run external identification and other
verification checks on all Customers on the basis of the information provided by you from time to time.
10. RESPONSIBLE SOCIAL GAMEPLAY
10.1. VGW Group actively supports responsible social gameplay and encourages its Players to make use of a variety
of responsible social gameplay features.
10.2. You may, at any time, request to take a break, self-exclude or permanently close your Customer Account. You
may also set a limit on your purchases of Gold Coins, the amount of Sweeps Coins you play or the time you
spend logged into your Customer Account. We refer you to our Responsible Social Gameplay Policy for full
details.
10.3. VGW Group is committed to providing excellent customer service. As part of that pledge, VGW Group is
committed to supporting responsible social gameplay. Although VGW Group will use all reasonable
endeavours to enforce its responsible social gameplay policies, VGW Group does not accept any responsibility
or liability if you nevertheless continue gameplay and/or seek to use the Platform with the intention of
deliberately avoiding the relevant measures in place and/or VGW Group is unable to enforce its
measures/policies for reasons outside of VGW Group’s reasonable control.
11. FRAUDULENT CONDUCT
11.1. You will not, directly or indirectly:
(a) hack into any part of the Games or Platform through password mining, phishing, or any other means;
(b) attempt to modify, reverse engineer, or reverse-assemble any part of the Games or Platform;
(c) knowingly introduce viruses, Trojans, worms, logic bombs, spyware, malware, or other similar material;
(d) circumvent the structure, presentation or navigational function of any Game so as to obtain information
that VGW Group has chosen not to make publicly available on the Platform;
(e) engage in any form of cheating or collusion;
(f) use the Platform and the systems of VGW Group to facilitate any type of illegal money transfer (including
money laundering proceeds of crime); or
(g) participate in or take advantage of, or encourage others to participate in or take advantage of schemes,
organisations, agreements, or groups designed to share:
(i) special offers or packages emailed to a specific set of players and redeemable by URL; or
(ii) identification documents (including, but not limited to, photographs, bills and lease documents)
for the purpose of misleading VGW Group as to a Player’s identity.
11.2. You must not use the Platform for any unlawful or fraudulent activity or prohibited transaction (including
Fraudulent Conduct) under the laws of any jurisdiction that applies to you. We monitor all transactions in order
to prevent money laundering.
11.3. If VGW Group suspects that you may be engaging in, or have engaged in fraudulent, unlawful or improper
activity, including money laundering activities or any conduct which violates these Terms and Conditions, your
access to the Platform will be suspended immediately and your Customer Account may be closed. If your
Customer Account is suspended or closed under such circumstances, VGW Group is under no obligation to
reverse any Gold Coin purchases you have made or to redeem any Sweeps Coins or Prizes that may be in
your Customer Account. In addition, VGW Group may pass any necessary information on to the relevant
authorities, other online service providers, banks, credit card companies, electronic payment providers or other
financial institutions. You will cooperate fully with any VGW Group investigation into such activity.
11.4. If you suspect any unlawful or fraudulent activity or prohibited transaction by another Player, please notify us
immediately via the means of communication listed in the Customer Complaints procedure (described in clause
20).
12. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
12.1. The computer software, the computer graphics, the Platform and the user interface that we make available to
you is owned by, or licensed to, VGW Games or its associates and protected by intellectual property laws. You
may only use the software for your own personal, recreational uses in accordance with all rules, terms and
conditions we have established (including these Terms and Conditions and the Sweeps Rules) and in
accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations.
12.2. You acknowledge that VGW Group is the proprietor or authorized licensee of all intellectual property in relation
to any Content.
12.3. Your use of the Games and Platform does not provide you with any intellectual property rights in the Content,
Games or Platform.
12.4. You grant us, and represent and warrant that you have the right to grant us, an irrevocable, perpetual,
worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use in whatever way we see fit, any information, images,
videos, comments, messages, music or profiles you publish or upload to any website or social media page
controlled and operated by VGW Group.
12.5. You must not reproduce or modify the Content in any way, including by removing any copyright or trademark
notice.
12.6. All trademarks and logos displayed in the Games and Platform are the property of their respective owners and
are protected by applicable trademark and copyright laws.
13. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES, LINKS OR GAMES
Third Party Websites
13.1. You acknowledge and agree that VGW Group:
(a) is not responsible for Third Party Websites; and
(b) makes no guarantee as to the content, functionality, or accuracy of any Third Party Website.
13.2. You further acknowledge that some Third Party Websites may be fraudulent in nature, offering Gold Coins or
Sweeps Coins which the operators of those websites are not authorized to provide, in an effort to induce you
to reveal personal information (including passwords, account information and credit card details). You agree
that VGW Group is not responsible for any actions you take at the request or direction of these, or any other
Third Party Websites. WE DO NOT AUTHORIZE ANY THIRD PARTY TO OFFER GOLD COINS OR
SWEEPS COINS. Any such offer should be deemed fraudulent and disregarded.
13.3. Third Party Websites are subject to the terms and conditions outlined by that third party.
Links
13.4. Any links to Third Party Websites do not:
(a) indicate a relationship between VGW Group and the third party; or
(b) indicate any endorsement or sponsorship by VGW Group of the Third Party Website, or the goods or
services it provides, unless specifically indicated by VGW Group.
13.5. Where a website controlled and operated by VGW Group contains links to various social networking sites,
such as Facebook® and Twitter®, you acknowledge and agree that:
(a) any comments or content that you post on such social networking sites are subject to the terms and
conditions of that particular social networking site;
(b) you will not post any comments that are false, misleading or deceptive or defamatory to us, our
employees, agents, officers or other players; and
(c) we are not responsible or liable for any comments or content that you or others post on social networking
sites.
Games
13.6. Games displaying the “Playtech” logo (a “Playtech Game”), are solely and exclusively owned by Playtech
Software Limited, including all intellectual property rights in or to the online software relating to such Playtech
Game.
13.7. You will not have any recourse against Playtech or any member of its group in relation to any Playtech Game
and any recourse you may have in connection with the software connected to any Playtech Game is limited to
the VGW Group.
14. DISRUPTIONS AND CHANGE
No warranties
14.1. The Platform is provided on an “as is” basis and to the fullest extent permitted by law, we make no warranty
or representation, whether express or implied, in relation to the satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose,
completeness or accuracy of the Platform (including the Games and Content).
Malfunctions
14.2. VGW Group is not liable for any downtime, server disruptions, lagging, or any technical or political disturbance
to Game play, nor attempts by you to Participate by methods, means or ways not intended by us.
14.3. VGW Group accepts no liability for any damages or losses which are deemed or alleged to have arisen out of
or in connection with any Platform or its Content including, without limitation, delays or interruptions in operation
or transmission, loss or corruption of data, communication or lines failure, any person’s misuse of a Platform
or its Content or any errors or omissions in Content.
14.4. In the event of a Platform system malfunction all Game play on that Platform is void.
14.5. In the event a Game is started but fails to conclude because of a failure of the system, VGW Group will use
commercially reasonable efforts to reinstate the amount of Gold Coins or Sweeps Coins played (whichever
applicable) in the Game to you by adding them to your Customer Account. VGW Group reserves the right to
alter Player balances and account details to correct such mistakes.
14.6. VGW Group reserves the right to remove any part of the Games from the Platform at any time. Any part of the
Games that indicate incorrect behaviour affecting Prize redemption, game data, Gold Coin balances, Sweeps
Coins balances or other balances, that may be due to misconfiguration or a bug, will be cancelled and removed
from the Platform. Player balances and account details may be altered by VGW Group in such cases in order
to correct any mistake.
Changes to the Platform
14.7. VGW Group reserves the right to suspend, modify, remove or add Content (including its availability) to the
Platform at its sole discretion with immediate effect and without notice to you. We will not be liable to you for
any loss suffered as a result of any changes made or for any modification to, or suspension, unavailability, or
discontinuance of, the Platform (including any Game, promotion, challenge or Content thereon) and you will
have no claims against VGW Group in such regard.
Service Suspension
14.8. We may temporarily suspend the whole or any part of the Platform for any reason at our sole discretion. We
may, but will not be obliged to, give you as much notice as is reasonably practicable of such suspension. We
will restore the Platform, as soon as is reasonably practicable, after such temporary suspension.
15. TERRITORIAL AVAILABILITY
15.1. The Platform, or any feature thereof (including any and all Games, promotions, challenges and Content), may
not be available in all territories and jurisdictions and VGW makes no representation that the Platform is or
shall remain available for use in any particular territories and jurisdictions. You acknowledge and agree that
VGW may (at its sole discretion) change, restrict or prohibit the availability of all or a portion of the Platform in
certain territories and jurisdictions at any time, and you will have no claims against VGW Group in such regard.
16. VIRUSES
16.1. Although we take all reasonable measures to ensure that the Platform is free from viruses we cannot and do
not guarantee that the Platform is free of such problems. It is your responsibility to protect your systems and
have in place the ability to reinstall any data or programs lost due to a virus.
17. PRIVACY POLICY
17.1. VGW Group is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and complying with all applicable data
protection and privacy laws.
17.2. Our Privacy Policy is inseparably linked to these Terms and Conditions and its acceptance is a prerequisite to
account registration.
18. MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
18.1. You consent to receive marketing communications from VGW Group in respect of its offerings by way of email,
post, SMS and telephone notifications, any of which you may unsubscribe from at any time by contacting
Customer Support via this form.
19. USE OF LIVE CHAT SERVICES
19.1. We may provide you with a Live Chat service to talk to our Customer Support representatives, or to talk to
other Players. This may include use of our Facebook® wall. It is your responsibility to use these services only
for their intended purposes. You are not permitted to use our Live Chat services for illegal purposes.
19.2. Be careful what you post on any Live Chat service. We review and moderate chats and keep a log and record
of statements. Your use of the Live Chat service should be for recreational and social purposes only.
19.3. Spamming on Live Chat is prohibited. You are prohibited from intimidating, harassing or abusing other Players
or VGW Group employees and representatives.
19.4. You will not use any Live Chat service to engage in any form of harassment or offensive behaviour, including
but not limited to, threatening, derogatory, abusive or defamatory statements, or racist, sexually explicit,
pornographic, obscene, or offensive language.
19.5. You will not use any Live Chat service to infringe the privacy rights, property rights, or any other rights of any
person.
19.6. You will not submit any kind of material or information on any Live Chat service that is fraudulent or otherwise
unlawful or violates any law.
19.7. You will not use any Live Chat service to distribute, promote or otherwise publish any material containing any
solicitation for funds, advertising or solicitation for goods or services of other forums.
19.8. You will not use any Live Chat service to distribute, promote or otherwise publish any kind of malicious code
or do anything else that might cause harm to the Platform or to other Player’s systems in any way.
19.9. We reserve the right to monitor anything and everything submitted by you to any Live Chat service to ensure
that it conforms to content guidelines that are monitored by us and subject to change from time to time.
19.10. If you breach any of the provisions relating to a Live Chat service, we may ban you from using that Live Chat
service or all Live Chat services and/or suspend or close your Customer Account. If we close your Customer
Account, we reserve the right to cancel or refuse to redeem any Prizes.
19.11. We reserve the right to remove any Live Chat service from the Platform if abused.
19.12. We will not be liable if damage arises out of the Live Chat service.
19.13. You agree to indemnify us against any damage arising out of your illegal, unlawful or inappropriate conduct or
arising out of violation of the provisions in clause 19 or any other rules on the Platform applying to the Live
Chat service.
19.14. You will not collude in any way through the Live Chat service. Players are encouraged to report any suspicious
behaviour to Customer Support via this form.
19.15. We reserve the right to report any suspicious behaviour or chats on the Live Chat service to the MGA.
20. COMPLAINTS AND CUSTOMER SUPPORT
20.1. If you would like to contact our Customer Support department or have a complaint regarding our Platform
(including any Game) you may contact us via this form.
20.2. ALL EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN YOU AND VGW GROUP SHOULD BE CARRIED OUT USING
THE EMAIL ADDRESS THAT YOU HAVE REGISTERED AGAINST YOUR CUSTOMER ACCOUNT HELD
WITH VGW GROUP. FAILURE TO DO SO MAY RESULT IN OUR RESPONSE BEING DELAYED.
20.3. The following information must be included in any written communication with VGW Group (including a
complaint):
(a) your username;
(b) your first and last name, as registered on your Customer Account;
(c) a detailed explanation of the complaint/claim; and
(d) any specific dates and times associated with the complaint/claim (if applicable).
20.4. Failure to submit a written communication with the information outlined above may result in a delay in our
ability to identify and respond to your complaint/claim in a timely manner. The Chumba Casino Player Support
Team (“PST”) will inquire into complaints immediately. The PST will endeavour to respond to complaints within
10 calendar days of lodgement.
20.5. In some circumstances, the PST will require up to 20 calendar days to respond to a complaint. In this case,
the Player will be informed of the delay within 10 calendar days of lodging the complaint.
20.6. After completing our internal complaints process, if the player feels the complaint was not resolved to their
satisfaction, the player may choose to request an external examination of the handling of their complaint by
engaging our service provider in Malta, Pardee Consulta. Further information about Pardee Consulta can be
found here. You agree that the decision of Pardee Consulta can be considered in any processes initiated under
clause 24 of these Terms and Conditions. Your decision whether or not to engage Pardee Consulta is entirely
voluntary. You may choose to invoke the processes under clause 24 regardless of whether or not you choose
to engage in the Pardee Consulta examination procedure.
20.7. To start the external examination process, please complete Pardee Consulta’s ‘Online Dispute Resolution
Form which can be found here.
21. CLOSURE/SUSPENSION OF ACCOUNT
21.1. Without limiting clause 5.16, we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to suspend or close your Customer
Account (notwithstanding any other provision contained in these Terms and Conditions) where we have reason
to believe that you have engaged or are likely to engage in any of the following activities:
(a) you breached, or assisted another party to breach, any provision of these Terms and Conditions or the
Sweeps Rules, or we have a reasonable ground to suspect such breach;
(b) you have more than one Customer Account, including any Inactive Account, on any Platform;
(c) the name registered on your Customer Account does not match the name on (i) your Payment Medium
used to make purchases of Gold Coins or (ii) the account into which you elect to redeem Prizes or you
do not legally and beneficially own such Payment Medium or redemption account;
(d) your communication with us consists of harassment or offensive behaviour, including (but not limited to)
threatening, derogatory, abusive or defamatory statements, or racist, sexually explicit, pornographic,
obscene or offensive language;
(e) your Customer Account is deemed to be an Inactive Account;
(f) you become bankrupt;
(g) you provide incorrect or misleading information;
(h) your identity or source of wealth or source of funds (if requested) cannot be verified;
(i) you attempt to use your Customer Account through a VPN, proxy or similar service that masks or
manipulates the identification of your real location, or by otherwise providing false or misleading
information regarding your citizenship, location or place of residence, or by playing Games using the
Platform through a third party or on behalf of a third party;
(j) you are not over 18 years of age or such higher minimum legal age of majority as stipulated in the
jurisdiction of your residence;
(k) you are located in a jurisdiction:
i. where Participation is illegal; or
ii. where you are ineligible to Participate in Promotional Play in accordance with the Sweeps
Rules.
(l) you have allowed or permitted (whether intentionally or unintentionally) someone else to Participate
using your Customer Account;
(m) you have played in tandem with other Player(s) as part of a club, group, etc., or played the Games in a
coordinated manner with other Player(s) involving the same (or materially the same) selections;
(n) without limiting clause 6.12, where VGW Group has received a “charge back”, claim or dispute and/or
a "return" notification via your Payment Medium;
(o) you have failed our due diligence procedures, or are found to be colluding, cheating, money laundering
or undertaking any kind of fraudulent activity;
(p) it is determined by VGW Group that you have employed or made use of a system (including machines,
computers, software or other automated systems such as bots) which give you an unfair advantage; or
(q) you do not meet the criteria set out in our Customer Acceptance Policy.
21.2. If VGW Group suspends or closes your Customer Account for any of the reasons referred to in clause 21.1
above, you will be liable for any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses incurred or
suffered by VGW Group (together “Claims”) arising therefrom and you will indemnify and hold VGW Group
harmless on demand for such Claims.
21.3. If we have reasonable grounds to believe that you have participated in any of the activities set out in clause
21.1 above then we reserve the right to withhold all or part of the balance or recover from your Customer
Account any Prizes, Gold Coins or Sweeps Coins that are attributable to any of the activities contemplated in
clause 21.1. In such circumstances, your details may be passed on to any applicable regulatory authority,
regulatory body or any other relevant external third parties.
21.4. If your Customer Account is suspended or closed and this leads to the withholding of Prizes, Sweeps Coins or
Gold Coins, a documented copy of the decision may be sent to the MGA, as appropriate. It will not be possible
for you to unlock your Customer Account during any suspension period.
21.5. The rights set out in clause 21 are without prejudice to any other rights that we may have against you under
these Terms and Conditions or otherwise.
22. INDEMNITY AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Indemnity
22.1. YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS US AND OUR AFFILIATES, AND OUR RESPECTIVE
PARTNERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, SUBCONTRACTORS,
LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS AND AGENTS AGAINST ANY AND ALL COSTS, EXPENSES, LIABILITIES AND
DAMAGES (WHETHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE
OR OTHER) ARISING FROM ANY PARTICIPATION BY YOU, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION:
(a) ACCESSING OR USING THE PLATFORM;
(b) RE-USE OF ANY CONTENT AT, OR OBTAINED FROM, THE PLATFORM OR ANY OTHER SOURCE
WHATSOEVER;
(c) FACILITATING OR MAKING A PAYMENT INTO YOUR CUSTOMER ACCOUNT;
(d) PLAYING THE GAMES THROUGH ANY DELIVERY MECHANISM OFFERED; AND
(e) ACCEPTANCE AND USE OF ANY PRIZE.
Limitation of Liability
22.2. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES
WHATEVER WILL WE OR OUR AFFILIATES, OR OUR RESPECTIVE PARTNERS, OFFICERS,
DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, AGENTS, LICENSORS, SUBCONTRACTORS AND
SUPPLIERS, BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER ENTITY, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER CONTRACT, TORT
OR OTHERWISE, FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS AND LOST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES,
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOST REVENUE, INCOME, GOODWILL, USE OF DATA OR OTHER
INTANGIBLE LOSSES, IN EACH CASE THAT RESULT FROM OR RELATE IN ANY MANNER TO YOUR
PARTICIPATION OR ANY OTHER ACT OR OMISSION BY US.
22.3. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL WE,
OUR AFFILIATES, AND OUR RESPECTIVE PARTNERS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES,
SHAREHOLDERS, AGENTS, LICENSORS, SUBCONTRACTORS OR SUPPLIERS, BE LIABLE TO YOU
FOR MORE THAN THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID US IN THE THIRTY (30) DAYS IMMEDIATELY
PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH YOU FIRST ASSERT ANY SUCH CLAIM. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND
AGREE THAT IF YOU HAVE NOT PAID US ANY AMOUNTS IN THE THIRTY (30) DAYS IMMEDIATELY
PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH YOU FIRST ASSERT ANY SUCH CLAIM, YOUR SOLE AND
EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY DISPUTE WITH US IS TO STOP USING THE PLATFORM AND TO CLOSE
YOUR CUSTOMER ACCOUNT.
22.4. YOU RECOGNIZE AND AGREE THAT THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS IN CLAUSES 14 AND 16, AND
THE INDEMNITIES AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY IN CLAUSE 22, ARE MATERIAL AND BARGAINEDFOR BASES OF THESE TERMS AND THAT THEY HAVE BEEN TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT AND REFLECTED
IN THE DECISION BY YOU TO ENTER INTO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. Depending on where you
reside and use the Platform, some of the limitations contained in clause 22 may not be permissible. In such
case, they will not apply to you, solely to the extent so prohibited.
Negligence and Wilful Misconduct
22.5. NOTHING IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS WILL OPERATE SO AS TO EXCLUDE ANY LIABILITY OF
VGW GROUP FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL PHYSICAL INJURY THAT IS DIRECTLY AND PROXIMATELY
CAUSED BY VGW GROUP’S NEGLIGENCE OR WILFUL MISCONDUCT.
Survival of Obligations
22.6. CLAUSE 22 SURVIVES THE TERMINATION OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ANY REASON.
23. VGW GROUP NOT A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION
Interest
23.1. You will not receive any interest on outstanding Prizes, and you will not treat VGW Group as a financial
institution.
No legal or tax advice
23.2. VGW Group does not provide advice regarding tax and/or legal matters. Players who wish to obtain advice
regarding tax and legal matters are advised to contact appropriate advisors.
24. DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS
PLEASE READ THIS CLAUSE 24 CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT MAY REQUIRE YOU AND VGW GROUP TO
ARBITRATE CERTAIN DISPUTES AND CLAIMS ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND LIMITS THE MANNER
IN WHICH YOU AND VGW GROUP CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM EACH OTHER. If you reside in or access
the Games at any time while located in the United States, this clause 24 (Dispute Resolution and Agreement
to Arbitrate on an Individual Basis) shall be construed under and be subject to the Federal Arbitration Act,
notwithstanding any other choice of law set out in these Terms and Conditions.
By agreeing to these Terms and Conditions, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, you and VGW
Group agree that any and all past, present and future disputes, claims or causes of action between you and
VGW Group arising out of or relating to these Terms and Conditions, the Platform and Games, the formation
of these Terms and Conditions or any other dispute between you and VGW Group or any of VGW Group's
licensors, distributors, suppliers or agents, and whether arising prior to or after your agreement to this clause
24, (collectively, "Dispute(s)") will be governed by the procedure outlined below. You and VGW Group further
agree that any arbitration pursuant to this clause 24 shall not proceed as a class, group or representative
action.
24.1. Informal Dispute Resolution. VGW Group wants to address your concerns without the need for a formal
legal dispute. Before filing a claim against VGW Group, you agree to try to resolve the Dispute informally by
contacting Customer Support via this form. Similarly, if you have provided an email address to us as part of
your Customer Account registration, VGW Group agrees to do the same. If a dispute is not resolved within 30
days after the email noting the Dispute is sent, you or VGW Group may initiate an arbitration proceeding as
described below.
24.2. We Both Agree To Arbitrate. By agreeing to these Terms and Conditions, and to the extent permitted by
applicable law, you and VGW Group each and both agree to resolve any Disputes – including any Dispute
concerning the enforceability, validity, scope or severability of this agreement to arbitrate – through final and
binding arbitration as discussed herein.
24.3. Opt-out of Agreement to Arbitrate. You may decline this agreement to arbitrate by
contacting arbitrationoptout@chumbacasino.com within 30 days of first accepting these Terms and Conditions
and stating that you (include your first and last name, email address and postal address) decline this arbitration
agreement. By opting out of the agreement to arbitrate, you will not be precluded from playing the Games, but
you and VGW Group will not be permitted to invoke the mutual agreement to arbitrate to resolve Disputes
under the Terms and Conditions otherwise provided herein.
24.4. Arbitration Procedures and Fees. You and VGW Group agree that JAMS ("JAMS") will administer the
arbitration under its Streamlined Rules in effect at the time arbitration is sought ("JAMS Rules"). Those rules
are available at www.jamsadr.com. Arbitration will proceed on an individual basis and will be handled by a
sole arbitrator in accordance with those rules; provided that the parties shall be presented with a list of five
potential arbitrators and shall rank those potential arbitrators in order of preference. JAMS shall select the
arbitrator with the highest combined preference (e.g., if both parties select a potential arbitrator as their top
preference, that arbitrator will be selected). You and VGW Group further agree that, unless and only to the
extent prohibited under JAMS Rules, the arbitration will be held in New York, New York, or, at either your or
our election, will be conducted telephonically or via other remote electronic means. The JAMS Rules will
govern payment of all arbitration fees. The arbitrator shall be authorized to award any remedies, including
injunctive relief, that would be available to you in an individual lawsuit and that are not waivable under
applicable law.
24.5. Proceedings Requiring Three Arbitrators. Notwithstanding any language to the contrary in clause 24.4, if
a party either seeks a monetary award in excess of five hundred thousand dollars ($500,000) or seeks an
equitable form of relief that would significantly impact other VGW Group users, in each case as reasonably
determined by either party, the parties agree that such arbitration will proceed on an individual basis but will
be handled by a panel of three (3) arbitrators and take place pursuant to the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration
Rules and Procedures (“JAMS Comprehensive Rules”). Each party shall select one neutral arbitrator, with
the third neutral arbitrator selected in accordance with the JAMS Comprehensive Rules. That third arbitrator
shall serve as chair of the arbitral panel and must be a retired judge with experience arbitrating or mediating
disputes. In the event of disagreement as to whether the threshold for a three-arbitrator panel has been met,
the sole arbitrator appointed in accordance with this clause 24.5 shall make that determination. If the arbitrator
determines a three-person panel is appropriate, the arbitrator may – if selected by either party or through the
JAMS selection process – participate in the arbitral panel. You and VGW Group agree that any award issued
by a three-arbitrator panel may be appealed in accordance with the JAMS Optional Arbitration Appeal
Procedures at either party’s election.
24.6. Batch Arbitration. To increase efficiency of resolution, in the event 25 or more similar arbitration demands
against VGW Group, presented by or with the assistance of the same law firm or organization or group of law
firms or organizations working in coordination, are submitted to JAMS in accordance with the rules described
above within a 30-day period, JAMS shall consolidate those arbitrations as contemplated in the JAMS Rules
by (a) grouping the arbitration demands into batches of no more than 25 demands per batch (plus, to the extent
there are fewer than 25 arbitration demands left over after the batching described above, a final batch
consisting of the remaining demands); and (b) providing for resolution of each batch as a single arbitration with
one set of filing and administrative fees and one arbitrator assigned per batch. For avoidance of doubt,
consolidation does not require that all arbitrations in a single batch be decided the same, nor does it impair
your right to present any evidence or argument that you think particular to your case, so long as consistent
with JAMS Rules. You agree to cooperate in good faith with VGW Group and JAMS to implement such a
batch approach to resolution and fees.
24.7. Class Action and Collective Arbitration Waiver. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER YOU NOR VGW GROUP SHALL BE ENTITLED: TO CONSOLIDATE, JOIN
OR COORDINATE DISPUTES BY OR AGAINST OTHER INDIVIDUALS OR ENTITIES; TO PARTICIPATE
IN ANY GROUP, CLASS, COLLECTIVE OR MASS ARBITRATION OR LITIGATION; TO ARBITRATE OR
LITIGATE ANY DISPUTE IN A REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY, INCLUDING AS A REPRESENTATIVE
MEMBER OF A CLASS; TO ARBITRATE OR LITIGATE ANY DISPUTE IN A PRIVATE ATTORNEY
GENERAL CAPACITY; OR OTHERWISE TO SEEK TO RECOVER LOSSES OR DAMAGES (WHETHER
FOR YOURSELF OR OTHERS) INCURRED BY A THIRD PARTY. IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DISPUTE
(AS DEFINED ABOVE), ANY AND ALL SUCH RIGHTS ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVED. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY SET FORTH IN
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, IN THE EVENT ALL OR ANY PORTION OF CLAUSES 24.5, 24.6 OR
24.7 OF THIS CLAUSE 24 (DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE ON AN
INDIVIDUAL BASIS) ARE FOUND TO BE INVALID OR LESS THAN FULLY ENFORCEABLE IN A
PARTICULAR DISPUTE, THEN THE ENTIRETY OF THIS CLAUSE 24 (DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND
AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS) MAY BE DEEMED VOID AND AS HAVING NO
EFFECT FOR PURPOSES OF THAT DISPUTE, UPON EITHER PARTY'S ELECTION.
24.8. Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate for Temporary Relief. Notwithstanding the other provisions of this
clause 24 (Dispute Resolution and Agreement to Arbitrate on an Individual Basis), either you or we may bring
an action in a court as authorized by clause 25.17 for temporary injunctive relief until an arbitrator has been
empaneled and can determine whether to continue, terminate or modify such relief.
25. OTHER
Entire Agreement
25.1. These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and us with respect to your
Participation and, save in the case of fraud, supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and
proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and us with respect to your Participation.
Amendments
25.2. VGW Group reserves the right to amend these Terms and Conditions, or to implement or amend any
procedures, at any time. Any amendments will be published on the Platform and such changes will be binding
and effective immediately.
25.3. Whenever we amend these Terms and Conditions in a way that would limit your current rights or which may
be to your detriment, we will notify you upon your next visit to the Platform and you will be required to reconfirm your acceptance prior to playing any Games. If you do not agree to the amended Terms and
Conditions, you must stop using the Platform.
Tax
25.4. You are solely responsible for any taxes which apply to any Prizes that you collect from your Participation.
Force Majeure
25.5. VGW Group will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our
obligations under these Terms and Conditions that is caused by events outside of our reasonable control.
No agency
25.6. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions will be construed as creating any agency, partnership, trust
arrangement, fiduciary relationship or any other form of joint enterprise between you and us.
Severability
25.7. If any of the Terms and Conditions are determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or
unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition or provision will, to that extent, be severed from these Terms
and Conditions. All remaining terms, conditions and provisions will continue to be valid to the fullest extent
permitted by law. In such cases, the part deemed invalid or unenforceable will be amended in a manner
consistent with the applicable law to reflect, as closely as possible, the original import of the invalid or
unenforceable provision.
Explanation of Terms and Conditions
25.8. We consider these Terms and Conditions to be open and fair. If you need any explanation regarding these
Terms and Conditions or any other part of our Platform contact Customer Support via this form.
25.9. The Terms and Conditions prevail over any communication via email or chat.
25.10. All correspondence between you and us may be recorded.
Assignment
25.11. These Terms and Conditions are personal to you, and are not assignable, transferable or sub-licensable by
you except with our prior written consent. We reserve the right to assign, transfer or delegate any of our rights
and obligations hereunder to any third party without notice to you.
Business Transfers
25.12. In the event of a change of control, merger, acquisition, or sale of assets of the VGW Group, your Customer
Account and associated data may be part of the assets transferred to the purchaser or acquiring party. In such
an event, we will provide you with notice via email or via our Platform explaining your options with regard to
the transfer of your Customer Account.
Language
25.13. These Terms and Conditions may be published in several languages for information purposes and ease of
access by players but will all reflect the same principles. It is only the English version that is the legal basis of
the relationship between you and us and in case of any discrepancy between a non-English version and the
English version of these Terms and Conditions, the English version will prevail.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
25.14. These Terms and Conditions, your use of the Platform and our entire relationship will be governed, and
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware in the United States, without regard for its
choice of conflict of law principles. The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods is specifically excluded.
25.15. Subject to clause 7.2 and absent an express statement to the contrary, in the event of any conflict or
inconsistency between any provision of these Terms and Conditions and a provision of the Responsible Social
Gameplay Policy, Sweeps Rules or Customer Acceptance Policy, these Terms and Conditions shall control
solely to the extent necessary to resolve the conflict or inconsistency.
25.16. You acknowledge that, unless stated otherwise, the Games are operated from Malta and your Participation
takes place in Malta. Any contractual relationship between you and us will be deemed to have been entered
into and performed in Malta.
25.17. Subject to clause 24, the parties agree that any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection
with these Terms and Conditions, or the breach, termination or invalidity of these Terms and Conditions, will
be submitted exclusively to the courts in Malta, and you and we consent to the venue and personal jurisdiction
of those courts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties agree that either party may move to compel
arbitration or to enforce an arbitral award issued hereunder before any court of competent jurisdiction.