Logo
GO BACK
RESPONSIBLE SOCIAL GAMEPLAY
Contact Us
Fortune Coins Responsible Social Gaming Policy

Version 2.0

Date Updated: November 13, 2023


Fortune Coins is committed to ensure that all its customers (“You”) enjoy social gaming responsibly. We want to ensure that while you enjoy the social gaming experience on Fortune Coins Website (“Website” or “Our Website”), You should remain fully aware and well informed of the potential risks associated with online gaming. We believe that it is our responsibility to help You enjoy our games in a safe and responsible manner and to ensure that social gaming continues to remain an enjoyable and affordable experience for You. Accordingly, we have put measures in place to help You control your play, if You desire. We reserve the right to put in place these measures without your permission or desire, in our sole discretion, if we deem necessary.

Introduction to Responsible Social Gameplay (RSG) Policy
1.1 This RSG Policy refers to the controls and measures available to You through the Fortune Coins RSG Program to help you maintain control of your social gaming.
1.2 This RSG Policy must be read in conjunction with Fortune Coins's Terms and Conditions and any reference to these Terms and Conditions has the same meaning as in this RSG Policy.
1.3 We may update this RSG Policy and/or the RSG Program at any time. Any updates or changes to the RSG Policy or the RSG Program shall become effective from the date it is published or last updated. Such updates or changes to the RSG Policy shall be binding in addition to the Terms and Conditions, the Privacy Policy, and the Sweep Rules.
1.4 Any material changes to the RSG Policy which may affect your use of the Website, such as limiting your access to the products or services available on the Website, You will be notified of such changes upon your next visit to the Website. You may be required to confirm and accept these changes prior to accessing the Website. If you disagree with any such changes to the RSG Policy, you must immediately stop using the Website.
Fortune Coins RSG Program Overview
2.1 The RSG Program is designed to ensure that You as a social game player, is supported throughout Your engagement with the Website. This RSG Policy and the RSG Program ensures that you make informed and affordable choices, while enjoying the social gameplay to the fullest extent.
2.2 The RSG Program enables You to be in charge of Your engagement with the Website and the gaming content available through it. You may use the tools available through this RSG Program to help achieve a balanced social gaming experience.
2.3 In addition to the RSG Policy and the RSG Program, we have our dedicated customer support available 24/7 to help and guide you through every step of the way. You may reach them at any time if you require any assistance to enable the RSG Program and manage your social gameplay on Our Website.
Keeping Track of Your Play
3.1 Playing social games should be treated as a fun and an entertaining activity, similar to other activities which you may enjoy (such as walking, cycling, swimming). As a result, social games should be played in moderation. Social games should not be used to escape from a situation or reality, or treated as a means to generate prizes or gameplay wins.
3.2 You do not have to make any purchases in order to play on Fortune Coins. You can always make use of Fortune Coins's free play through alternate means of entry. However if You do purchase Gold Coins to enhance your gaming experience, you should set a budget for your entertainment and stick to it.
3.3 You should manage your time spent on the Website, and do not let online gaming take too much of your time. Remember that social casino is like any other activity which you may engage in for your entertainment.
Helping You Stay in Control
4.1. Although most people enjoy social gaming in a safe and responsible way, for some it can become a problem. If you are concerned with your or someone else's social gaming, please consider the following questions to better understand if your gaming is problematic:
(i) Does social gaming keep you from performing necessary tasks, such as work or school?
(ii) Do you miss appointments, gatherings, or other deadline related tasks due to your social gaming habits?
(iii) Have you ever been criticized by others about your social gaming habits?
(iv) How do you react to criticism of your social gaming habits?
(v) Have you seen relationships with family, friends or significant others deteriorate due to your social gaming habits?
(vi) Have your social gaming habits replaced other hobbies of yours?
(vii) Do you ever lie about or hide your social gaming habits?
(viii) Are you ashamed, embarrassed or depressed about your social gaming habits?
(ix) When you are stressed or upset, do you turn to social gaming to help yourself feel better?
(x) Do you lose sleep over social gaming?
The more questions you answer 'yes' to, the more likely you are to develop or already have developed a problem with social gaming.

4.2 The following are some general guidelines that can help you enjoy our games safely and responsibly:
(i) Social gaming is meant to be fun. Make sure that you are still enjoying yourself while playing our games.
(ii) Set limits on the amount of time you spend playing our games.
(iii) Set limits on the amount of money you spend playing our games.
(iv) Consider whether you need to take some time away from our games.
(v) Refer to the questions in Section 1 if you believe your social gaming habits have become a problem.
Available Support Services
5.1. If you are concerned about your gaming habits or you believe you have developed or are likely to develop a problem with social gaming, we encourage you to contact the following (or similar) organizations:
(i) Gaming Addicts Anonymous - an organization to support individuals with problems resulting from excessive gaming.
(ii) Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration National Helpline - a free, confidential, 24/7, 365-day-a-year treatment referral and information service for individuals and families facing mental and/or substance use disorders.
(iii) Financial Counselling Association of America - a national association representing financial counseling companies that provide services such as (but not limited to) consumer credit counselling, bankruptcy counselling and debt management.
(iv) You can also get access additional advice on Gaming Addicts Anonymous https://www.gamingaddictsanonymous.org/
How We Can Help You Enjoy Our Games Responsibly
We have put in place account options to help you enjoy our games safely and responsibly. If you would like to request an Account Time-Out or Self-Exclusion, please submit a ticket by following the guidelines provided here.

We are continuously working on improving our existing tools and adding new RSG options, such as purchase limits and play amount limits. If you have any suggestions for additional improvements, please contact our Customer Support team by submitting a ticket or sending an email to support@fortunecoins.com.

Account Time-Out
7.1. If you feel like you need to take a break from our games, you can request a Time-Out of your Account.
7.2. During an Account Time-Out, you will be unable to access your Account in any way.
7.3. Account Time-Outs cannot be reversed. Once approved, your Account will only become accessible upon the expiration of the chosen amount of time.
7.4. You may choose the Account Time-Out period within the support ticket.
7.5. When the chosen Time-Out period has elapsed, your Account will automatically become accessible once again.
Self-exclusion
8.1. Self-exclusion is a voluntary and confidential program that gives you the opportunity to take a break from your Account. This means that we will use our best efforts to prevent you from opening or reopening an Account with Us and you will not be permitted to win prizes.
8.2. Self-exclusion must last a minimum of six (6) months. There is no limit to the length that self-exclusion can last.
8.3. Any person who opts for self-exclusion will be unable to open an Account or access their Account during the prescribed amount of time. It cannot be cancelled or changed in any way.
8.4. When a self-exclusion is approved and confirmed, we will use our best efforts to ensure that you will not receive any emails or text messages from us for the duration of the self-exclusion.
Closing Your Account
If you would like to close your Account, please send an email to support@fortunecoins.com in order to do so.

Protection of Minors
10.1. You must be the age of majority in your jurisdiction to play any of the games offered on our website.
(i) We recommend parents do the following in order to best prevent access to their Account by a minor:
-   Never disclose your Account username or password.
-   Never leave your device unattended while logged into our website.
-   Never use the “Remember Me” function for our website.
-   Do not disclose any of your banking information to your children.
(ii) If any of the devices that you use to enjoy our games are shared with anyone who is a minor, we recommend using Parental control software such as Netnanny, Cybersitter, or Cyberpatrol to prevent any minors from accessing our website.
Logo
facebookinstagramtwittertiktok
fortunecoins.com is a sweepstakes casino that provides free casino style entertainment to players in the United States and Canada (exclusions apply). With our sweepstakes model, you can win free coins that can be used on all games in our library. Try your luck on our thrilling video slots and card games.

Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Become an Affiliate
The information you have agreed to provide will be used only for the purpose of this promotion. NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY to enter the Sweepstakes. SWEEPSTAKES ARE VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW. For detailed rules, see Sweeps Rules.

A minimum age of US Citizen age for US residents and Canadian Citizen for Canadian residents is required.

DMCA.com Protection Status
team
Responsible Social Gameplay

Copyright © 2023 fortunecoins.com. All rights reserved.

In USA, fortunecoins.com is operated by Social Gaming LLC.
In Canada, fortunecoins.com is operated by Social Gaming LTD.

The registered address of Social Gaming LLC is 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware, 19808, USA
The registered address of Social Gaming LTD is 50 Eileen Stubbs Avenue, Dartmouth, NS, Canada, B3B 0M7