Logo
All Games
About
Promotions
Contact Us
GO BACK
SWEEPS RULES
Customer Eligibility Requirements

Version 1.2

Date Updated: January 7, 2023

These Customer Eligibility Requirements (“Requirements”) set out our requirements with respect to you, the customer.

Please read and review these Requirements along with the Terms and Conditions of Use, Privacy Policy, Responsible Social Gaming Policy, Rules Regarding Fortune Coins, and any other documents which form part of our documentation (the “Documentation”) before using our Website. By using our Website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and accepted these Requirements and our Documentation. Your continued use of our Website signifies that you accept any updates made to these Requirements. If you do not agree with any part of these Requirements, please do not use our Website.

We maintain a Know Your Customer (“KYC”) program to determine customer risk profiles. As part of our ongoing monitoring requirements, we may request information from you to keep client information up to date. The frequency at which information is requested will vary depending on our risk assessment of individuals.

We will only consider accepting potential Users who satisfy the following criteria:

You are an individual. Companies and any other legal entities are not allowed to hold Accounts with us.
You must be the age of majority in your jurisdiction.
You have agreed to our Documentation.
Any payments are initiated by you through an Account registered under your legal name.
You must not already have an Account. Opening multiple Accounts may lead to termination of all your Accounts.
You must not have previously had an Account that has been terminated by Us due to your contravention of the Documentation.
You are a resident of and are physically present in a Permitted Territory. Current Permitted Territories are all Canadian provinces and territories except Québec, and all U.S. states (including the District of Columbia) except Washington state and Idaho.
You have valid government issued identification to prove you reside and are located in a Permitted Territory, such as a passport, driver’s license, health card or green card.
You have been verified under Our Know Your Customer (“KYC”) program.
You provide all requested payout details, including all requested KYC documents at the time of requested Prize redemptions.
You provide all information or documentation requested to complete verification of Our KYC program.
You are not a domestic politically exposed person (“PEP”).
You are not a family member or close associate of a domestic PEP.
You are not one of our employees, affiliates, subsidiaries, holding companies, advertising agencies, or any other company or individual involved with the design, production, execution or distribution of our Games and their immediate family and household members.

Logo
facebookinstagramtwittertiktok
fortunecoins.com is a sweepstakes casino that provides free casino style entertainment to players in the United States and Canada (exclusions apply). With our sweepstakes model, you can win free coins that can be used on all games in our library. Try your luck on our thrilling video slots and card games.

Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Become an Affiliate
The information you have agreed to provide will be used only for the purpose of this promotion. NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY to enter the Sweepstakes. SWEEPSTAKES ARE VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW. For detailed rules, see Sweeps Rules.

A minimum age of US Citizen age for US residents and Canadian Citizen for Canadian residents is required.

DMCA.com Protection Status
team
Responsible Social Gameplay

Copyright © 2023 fortunecoins.com. All rights reserved.

In USA, fortunecoins.com is operated by Social Gaming LLC.
In Canada, fortunecoins.com is operated by Social Gaming LTD.

The registered address of Social Gaming LLC is 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware, 19808, USA
The registered address of Social Gaming LTD is 50 Eileen Stubbs Avenue, Dartmouth, NS, Canada, B3B 0M7