Logo
GO BACK
SWEEPS RULES
Rules Regarding Fortune Coins

Version 3.3

Date Updated: August 31, 2023

These Rules Regarding Fortune Coins (“Rules”) set out Social Gaming LLC’s and Social Gaming LTD’s rules regarding the collection, use, and redemption of Fortune Coins. These Rules are to be read in conjunction with our Terms & Conditions of Use, Privacy Policy, Responsible Social Gaming Policy, Customer Eligibility Requirements, and any other documents which form part of our documentation (the “Documentation”). Any terms defined in the Documentation and not defined in the Rules have the same meaning as set out in the Documentation. If you have any questions, please contact support at support@fortunecoins.com.

We offer a platform for Users to play various games for entertainment purposes. Games are played using our in-game currency known as “Gold Coins”. To promote the service, we may provide Users with “Fortune Coins.” Fortune Coins may, under the circumstances outlined in the Rules and the Documentation, be redeemed for real money prizes.

NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT IS NECESSARY TO OBTAIN FORTUNE COINS. PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF GOLD COINS DOES NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING FORTUNE COINS. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED OR RESTRICTED BY LAW.

1.         Definitions

1.1.   The following definitions apply to these Rules:

1.1.1.“Account” means your user account with us, which you sign up for at www.fortunecoins.com.

1.1.2.“CAD” means Canadian Dollars;

1.1.3.“Eligible Participant” means a person who has met the requirements in our Customer Eligibility Requirements document;

1.1.4.“Game(s)” means any game that we offer through our Website

1.1.5.“Gold Coin” means the in-game currency used to play Games that cannot be redeemed for Prizes;

1.1.6.“Fortune Coin” means the promotional in-game currency which may, under certain circumstances, be redeemed for real money prizes;

1.1.7.“Participant” means a User who obtains Fortune Coins, participates in games using Fortune Coins, and/or redeems Fortune Coins;

1.1.8.“Permitted Territory” means any territory in which we permit our services to be offered. We reserve the right to change our Permitted Territories at any time in our sole discretion. Information on Permitted Territories is set out in our Customer Eligibility Requirements document;

1.1.9.“Playthrough Requirement(s)” means the multiplier connected to specific Fortune Coins that must be played through by a Participant before the Fortune Coins may be redeemed as Prizes. For example, if a Participant receives 1000 Fortune Coins and those Fortune Coins have a Playthrough Requirement multiplier of 2x, a Participant must play games totalling 2000 Fortune Coins prior to those Fortune Coins being eligible for redemption as a Prize;

1.1.10. “Prize(s)” means Fortune Coins which are eligible to be redeemed by a Participant;

1.1.11.   “Promotion” means any of our promotions which allows Participants to obtain Fortune Coins, participate in games using Fortune Coins, and/or redeem Fortune Coins;

1.1.12.   “Service” means any of the services available through our Website or mobile applications;

1.1.13.   “USD” means United States dollars;

1.1.14.   “User” means a person who uses the Service;

1.1.15.   “Website” means our website at fortunecoins.com.

 

2.         Eligibility

2.1. Promotions are only open to Eligible Participants. PARTICIPATION IN A PROMOTION IF YOU ARE NOT AN ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANT IS VOID, INCLUDING IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE SUCH PARTICIPATION IS PROHIBITED BY LAW.

2.2.   These Promotions are subject to applicable federal, state, provincial, territorial and local laws and regulations. It is the sole responsibility of the Participant to determine whether these Promotions are legal and compliant with all regulations in the jurisdiction where the Participant uses the Service.

2.3.   Participation requires the Participant’s full and unconditional agreement to these Rules, the Documentation, and any decisions made by us or any of our agents in our sole discretion. Such decisions shall be final and binding in all matters related to the Promotions.

2.4.   In order to win a Prize, all requirements set out in these Rules and the Documentation must be fulfilled.

2.5.   Our employees, any of our affiliates, subsidiaries, holding companies, advertising agencies, or any other company or individual involved with the design, production, execution or distribution of these Promotions and their immediate family and household members are not eligible to participate in the Promotions unless it is for testing, development or support purposes. Former employees with the company cannot participate in the Promotions until three (3) years from the date that their employment ended. Any Prizes won during the testing and development of the Promotions are ineligible for Prize redemption.

3.         Participation

3.1.   In order to participate in a Promotion, Participants must have an active Account with us. Accounts can be created free of charge at www.fortunecoins.com.

3.2.   Participants may not purchase Fortune Coins and can only collect Fortune Coins in the following way(s):

3.2.1. As a free bonus when purchasing Gold Coins. Gold Coins are not eligible for Prize redemption. The amount of free Fortune Coins a Participant will receive when purchasing eligible Gold Coins will be clearly indicated on the screen of the device being used to play.

3.2.2. As a daily bonus when logging into your Account if your Account has a Fortune Coins balance lower than a certain threshold as determined by us.

3.2.3. Occasionally, as a mystery bonus upon logging into your Account.

3.2.4. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY to obtain Fortune Coins. You may receive 500 Fortune Coins for free by sending a handwritten request by mail on a piece of paper containing the following statement: “I am requesting free Fortune Coins to participate in the Promotion. By submitting this request, I hereby declare that I have read, understood and agree to be bound by your Terms and Conditions and Rules” and by satisfying the following requirements:

3.2.4.1.  Write your return mailing address on the front of the envelope along with the words: “Fortune Coin”.

3.2.4.2.   Write the following information on one side only of the paper placed in the envelope:

Your full name as displayed on your government issued identification.

The e-mail address registered on your Account.

Your return address registered on your Account.

Your user id registered on your Account.

3.2.4.3.  Handwriting must be legible. Any confusion in handwriting will lead to the request being considered void.

3.2.4.4.   The request must be mailed from the same state or province as the return address registered to your Account.

3.2.4.5.  The envelope shall be addressed:

10-8707 Dufferin Street, Thornhill, PO BOX #173, Ontario, Canada L4J 0A2

3.2.4.6.  Requests are limited to one per envelope.

3.2.4.7. The handwritten request must not be made by any electronic method, including by autopen. If we, acting in our sole discretion, suspect that the handwritten request was not written by you, will reserve the right to not provide you with the free claimable reward available under this section.

3.2.4.8. We may use a third-party service to evaluate whether the handwritten letters comply with the requirements under this section.

3.2.4.9. In order to comply with our policies and certain legal requirements, you are required to complete certain KYC processes prior to being eligible to claim your  free reward.

3.2.5. As a reward for signing up to use the Service.

3.2.6.As a reward for connecting your Facebook account to the Website.

3.2.7.As a reward for verifying your phone number.

3.2.8. By inviting others via personal link and having that friend accept the invitation to play and deposit funds. There is a limit to the amount of invites one can extend over any twenty four (24) hour period. The amount of free Fortune Coins received by a Participant is dependent on the action taken by the person to whom the invitation is extended.

4.         Games

4.1.   Participants may use Fortune Coins to play Games.

4.2.   Playing Games gives Participants the chance to win additional Fortune Coins.

4.3.   Each Game will set out the potential Prizes eligible to be won.

4.4.   Each 100 Fortune Coins won through eligible gameplay can be redeemed at a Prize value of $1 USD.

4.5.   We reserve the right to place Playthrough Requirements on any Fortune Coins provided by us to Participants, including, but not limited to, Fortune Coins provided in the following circumstances:

4.5.1.Registration to our Website (“Registration Bonus”);

4.5.2.Connecting a Facebook account to our Website (“Facebook Connect Bonus”);

4.5.3.Daily entitlement (“Daily Bonus”);

4.5.4.Telephone verification (“Phone Verification Bonus”)

4.5.5.Referring new Users to our Website (for the referred User) (“Friend Referral Bonus”);

4.5.6.Marketing and/or promotional purposes (“Marketing Bonus”);

4.5.7.For any or no reason (“Mystery Bonus”).

4.6.   The Playthrough Requirements may vary and can be imposed and modified at our sole discretion per Game, Promotion, and/or region to region.

4.7.   Plays on all Games except for “WAR” will count towards meeting the Playthrough Requirement if a Playthrough Requirement has been imposed by us on certain Fortune Coins.

4.8.   Users may not claim or receive any Fortune Coins or Prizes for which a Participant is ineligible. We reserve the right to retrospectively void any Fortune Coins or Prizes for any or no reason.

4.9.   Before any Prizes are processed, we will review the play of a Participant for any irregular playing patterns. We reserve the right to determine, in our sole discretion, which activities constitute “irregular play” from time-to-time and to withhold any withdrawals where irregular play has occurred to meet Playthrough Requirements.

4.10. In the event we believe a Participant has abused or has attempted to abuse Fortune Coins, we may, at our sole discretion, deny, withhold, or withdraw from you any Fortune Coins, or rescind any policy either temporarily or permanently, or terminate your access to our Website and/or block your Account. In such circumstances, we shall be under no obligation to refund to you any Fortune Coins or funds that may be in your Account.

4.11. At any point, a Participant may decide to forfeit all, or a portion of, their Fortune Coins. Forfeiture of the Fortune Coins may result in the loss of any remaining Fortune Coins and any Prize(s). Forfeitures are non-reversible, and no exceptions will be made.

4.12.  All decisions made by us as to the administration and operation of the Promotions, Games, and winnings are final and binding.

4.13.  Unless otherwise required by us, any Fortune Coins collected by a Participant must be played one time for those Fortune Coins to become eligible for redemption for real Prizes. We may, in our sole discretion, require that any Fortune Coins be subject to a Playthrough Requirement before becoming eligible for redemption towards real Prizes.

4.14. We reserve the right to alter the Prize win rates and odds of any of the games at any time. Participants can view the actual and any amended details by clicking on the pay table button in each game. It is the sole responsibility of the Participant to check the Prize win rate each time before they participate.

5.         Prizes

5.1.   Participant’s Fortune Coins balance is displayed in that Participant’s Account.

5.2.   Prizes being redeemed for cash by a Participant located in the United States will be paid in USD. We reserve the right to require any Participant redeeming a Prize to use the same method of payment used to purchase Gold Coins.

5.3.   Prizes being redeemed for cash by a Participant located in Canada will be paid in CAD. In the event that a Prize redemption requires the conversion of currency from USD to CAD, the value of CAD for Prize redemptions shall be calculated according to the latest Bank of Canada USD to CAD exchange rate at the time of the  redemption request. If a redemption request is received before 5PM EST, we will use the Bank of Canada USD to CAD exchange rate from the day immediately preceding the redemption request. Currency conversions shall be made for the convenience of the Participant and not for any other purpose. We reserve the right to require any Participant redeeming a Prize to use the same method of payment used to purchase Gold Coins.

5.4.   For Canadian Users only, as a condition to redeeming a Prize, Users will be required to correctly answer within three (3) attempts, without the assistance of any kind, a time-limited, mathematical skill-testing question. If a User does not correctly answer the skill-testing question in accordance with the prescribed requirements, the User will not be able to redeem the requested Prize.

5.5.   Participants may redeem a minimum of 5000 Fortune Coins per day.

5.6.   A Participant shall be verified as an Eligible Participant and the Participant’s personal details shall match the details in the Participant’s Account in order to be eligible to redeem Prizes.

5.7.   We process requests to redeem Prizes in the order in which they are received. Our goal is to process your request as soon as practicable.

5.8.   We may elect, in our sole discretion, to only process one Prize redemption request per Account during any 24 hour period.

5.9.   When you choose to redeem a Prize for cash, it is your sole responsibility to ensure that your financial institution will accept payment from us into your bank account. We have no obligation to check whether your financial institution will accept payments from us to your chosen bank account. We will not be responsible or liable to you in any way if your chosen financial institution does not accept payment from us. You must ensure that your bank account information is accurate, complete and up-to-date. We are not responsible for any inaccurate information you provide to us.

5.10.  You acknowledge that there may be delays in payments of Prizes due to our identity verification process and certain payment methods may require additional verification at the time of redemption.

5.11.   We may carry out additional verification procedures in accordance with our internal anti-fraud policies, including without limitation, for any cumulative or single redemption of Prizes exceeding a value of $2,000.00 of the currency used in your Account (or any amount that is equivalent or greater than $2,000.00 of the currency used in your Account from time to time)

5.12.   Examples of verification documents that we may require include, but are not limited to:

5.12.1.   Proof of income;

5.12.2.   Copy of photo identification, such as a passport or driver’s licence;

5.12.3.   Documents showing proof of residence, such as a utility statement;

5.12.4.   Proof of ownership for any payment method used to deposit or withdraw funds such as a payslip or bank statement.

5.13.   Until all requested verification documents are provided by the User to our satisfaction:

5.13.1.    Any request a User has made for redemption of Prizes will remain pending and/or may be refused; and

5.13.2.    We are entitled to restrict your Account in any manner that we may reasonably deem appropriate, including by suspending or closing your Account.

5.14.  In New York and Florida, the maximum redemption value of a Fortune Coins Prize won is 500,000 Fortune Coins.

5.15.   The maximum daily limit of Fortune Coins that any Participant (except as stated above in Section 5.14) can request to redeem is less than or equal to 955,000 Fortune Coins.

5.16. We are not responsible for any taxes or fees associated with the redemption of a Prize. Participants are solely responsible for all applicable taxes and fees associated with redemption and acceptance of any Prize.

5.17.  We are not responsible for any foreign exchange transaction fees, charges or costs that may be incurred as a result of, or related to, any Prize redemption.

5.18.   Fortune Coins are non-transferable. You may not offer Fortune Coins to any third party or obtain Fortune Coins from any party other than the Company. No substitution will be made except as provided in these Rules at our sole discretion.

6.         Verification and Confirmation

6.1.   All Prizes are subject to verification by us. Any decision made by us regarding matters related to the Promotions are final and binding. Irrespective of what is won playing a Game and the number of Fortune Coins in a Participant’s account, no Prizes have been won and no Prizes redeemed until the Participant is verified as an Eligible Participant, the potential win has been verified, the Participant has fully complied with the Documentation, and the Participant has been notified that verification is complete. Any determination as to what is considered evidence of winning is done in our sole discretion. We may void a Prize which we have determined, in our sole discretion, was caused by a software or other technical malfunction, or fraud. Our verification process may take up to one (1) month after receiving all requested documents and passing our KYC and legal review. In no circumstances will we be liable for any delays related to a prize payout.

6.2.   Winning any Prize is contingent upon fulfilling all requirements and being in full compliance with these Rules.

6.3.   We may require any potential Prize winner to sign and return an affidavit/declaration of eligibility and liability/publicity release (except where prohibited) in order to claim their Prize.

6.4.   Any potential Prize winner who cannot be contacted, fails to sign and return any affidavit/declaration of eligibility or liability/publicity release within the prescribed time, fails to comply with any of these Rules, or if the Prize itself or notification of said Prize is returned undeliverable, will forfeit said Prize.

 

7.         Entry Conditions, Release, Indemnification

7.1.   By participating in the Promotions, each Participant agrees to:

7.1.1.Comply with and be bound by:

7.1.1.1.               The Documentation;

7.1.1.2.               The Rules;

7.1.1.3.               All decisions made by us, which are binding and final;

7.1.1.4.               All applicable laws and regulations.

7.2.   We may close your Account at any time in our sole discretion. In such case, we are not obligated to redeem any Fortune Coins. We may also, in our sole discretion, limit or prevent you from redeeming Fortune Coins.

7.3.   You must release us and our parents, subsidiaries, affiliated companies, prize suppliers and any other organizations responsible for sponsoring, fulfilling, administering, advertising or promoting these Promotions and all of their respective past and present officers, directors, employees, agents and representative (collectively, the “Released and Indemnified Parties”) from and against any and all claims, expenses, and liability, including but not limited to negligence and damages of any kind to persons and property, including but not limited to invasion of privacy, defamation, slander, libel, violation of right of publicity, infringement of trademark, copyright or other intellectual property rights, property damage, or death or personal injury arising out of or relating to your use of the Service and any Participant obtaining Fortune Coins, playing Games with Fortune Coins, winning Fortune Coins, or redeeming Fortune Coins; and

7.4.   You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Released and Indemnified Parties from and against any and all claims, expenses, and liabilities (including reasonable attorney/legal fees) arising out of or relating to your use of the Service and any Participant obtaining Fortune Coins, playing Games with Fortune Coins, winning Fortune Coins, or redeeming Fortune Coins.

 

8.         Publicity; Privacy

8.1.   Except where prohibited, participation in these Promotions constitutes your consent to us and any of our agents to use your full name, likeness, photo, voice, opinion(s) and/or hometown and state/province/territory for promotional purposes in any media, worldwide, without further payment, notice or consideration.

8.2.   Any Participant’s personal information collected by us is managed by our Privacy Policy which is available at www.fortunecoins.com/privacy-policy.

9.         General Conditions

9.1.   We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to cancel, suspend and/or modify all or any part of the Promotions or these Rules, with immediate effect, owing to circumstances outside of our reasonable control and where circumstances make it unavoidable if any fraud, technical failures or any other factor beyond our reasonable control impairs the proper functioning of the Promotions, as determined by us or our agents in our sole discretion.

9.2.   We reserve the right to ban any person we deem to be tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Promotions or to be in violation of these Rules.

9.3.   Deliberately undermining the legitimate operation of these Rules may be a violation of criminal and/or civil law. Should such an attempt be made, we reserve the right to fully seek adequate damages from any such person that the law permits.

9.4.   Failure to enforce any term of these Rules shall not constitute a waiver of such term.

9.5.   In any other case, we reserve the right to suspend, cancel, and/or modify these Promotions. Notices regarding the cancellation, suspension and/or modification of the Promotions will be posted on our official Facebook group or alternative channels - https://www.facebook.com/fortunecoinscasino

9.6.   In the event that the Promotions are modified, any Participant’s continued enrollment and/or participation in the Promotions constitutes the Participant’s acceptance of the modified terms.

10.  Limitations of Liability

10.1.  As permitted by the law in the respective territories, the Released and Indemnified Parties are not responsible for the following:

10.1.1.   Any incorrect information, whether caused by a Participant, printing error or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Promotions;

10.1.2.   Technical failures of any kind, including, but not limited to malfunctions, service interruptions, or disconnections in phone lines or network hardware or software;

10.1.3.   Unauthorized human intervention in any part of the entry process or the Promotions;

10.1.4.  Technical or human error which may occur in the administration or operation of the Promotions; or

10.1.5.   Any injury or damage to person or property which may be caused, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from any Participant’s participation in the Promotions or receipt or use or misuse of any Prize.

10.2.   If a Participant’s Fortune Coins are deemed by us to have been mistakenly deleted, lost, or otherwise destroyed or corrupted, a Participant’s only remedy is replacement of said Fortune Coins by an equal amount of Fortune Coins.

11.   Disputes

11.1. Except where prohibited by law, as a condition of participating in these Promotions, all Participants agree that the process for dispute resolution shall be set out in the Terms and Conditions of Use.

11.2. All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Rules, or the right and obligations of the Participant and us in connection with the Promotions, are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of Ontario, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules.


Logo
facebookinstagramtwittertiktok
fortunecoins.com is a sweepstakes casino that provides free casino style entertainment to players in the United States and Canada (exclusions apply). With our sweepstakes model, you can win free coins that can be used on all games in our library. Try your luck on our thrilling video slots and card games.

Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Become an Affiliate
The information you have agreed to provide will be used only for the purpose of this promotion. NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY to enter the Sweepstakes. SWEEPSTAKES ARE VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW. For detailed rules, see Sweeps Rules.

A minimum age of US Citizen age for US residents and Canadian Citizen for Canadian residents is required.

DMCA.com Protection Status
team
Responsible Social Gameplay

Copyright © 2023 fortunecoins.com. All rights reserved.

In USA, fortunecoins.com is operated by Social Gaming LLC.
In Canada, fortunecoins.com is operated by Social Gaming LTD.

The registered address of Social Gaming LLC is 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware, 19808, USA
The registered address of Social Gaming LTD is 50 Eileen Stubbs Avenue, Dartmouth, NS, Canada, B3B 0M7