Sweepstakes Rules
WOW VEGAS SWEEPSTAKES RULES

VERSION: 9.0

PUBLISHED: 27 FEBRUARY 2024

(Note: Any changes to clause 2.vi which are implemented via this version 3.0 will be subject to a “Grace Period” which is valid up to and including 1 March 2024)

THE WEBSITE, PLATFORM AND/OR GAMES DO NOT OFFER REAL MONEY GAMBLING OF ANY TYPE.

NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT IS NECESSARY IN ORDER TO PARTICIPATE IN WOW VEGAS SWEEPSTAKES. PARTICIPANT’S CHANCE OF WINNING WILL NOT BE INCREASED OR IMPROVED IN ANY WAY BY MAKING A PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANY TYPE OR VALUE.

Wow Vegas is a Website which offers Participants the chance to play casino-style games for the purpose of entertainment. Wow Vegas also gives away free sweepstakes entries, these sweepstakes entries are referred to as “Sweepstakes Coins” or “SC” both in these Sweepstakes Rules and on the Website. Sweepstakes Coins can be used to participate in Promotional Sweepstakes Play which in turn offers Eligible Participants a chance to win further Sweepstakes Coins. Sweepstakes Coins which are won via the Promotional Sweepstakes play can be redeemed for real prizes.

These Sweepstakes Rules are to be read and agreed to in conjunction with the Wow Vegas Terms and Conditions (the T&C’s). All Terms which are defined in the T&C’s have the exact same meaning in these Sweepstakes Rules as they do in the T&C’s.

The Sponsor/Promoter of the Sweepstakes is MW Services Limited (company registration number 120828) a limited liability company incorporated in Gibraltar, and subject to Gibraltar, having its registered address at Sovereign House 4 Christian Road, Douglas, Isle Of Man, Im1-2sd.

PLEASE NOTE THAT THESE SWEEPSTAKES RULES ALSO INCORPORATE CLAUSE 18 OF THE T&Cs. CLAUSE 18 INCLUDES A PROVISION WAIVING THE RIGHT TO PURSUE ANY LEGAL CLAIM OF A CLASS, GROUP OR REPRESENTATIVE TYPE. CLAUSE 18 ALSO REQUIRES YOU TO PURSUE ANY AND ALL PAST, PENDING, AND/OR FUTURE DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US VIA INDIVIDUAL LEGAL ARBITRATION ONLY.  YOU WILL BE OFFERED A SPECIFIED TIME FRAME IN WHICH TO OPT OUT OF THIS PARTICULAR CLAUSE. 

REFER TO CLAUSE 11 OF THESE SWEEPSTAKES RULES FOR MORE INFORMATION ON THIS.

PARTICIPATION IS VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW.

ELIGIBILITY TO PLAY WOW VEGAS SWEEPSTAKES
The following definitions apply to these Sweepstakes Rules:
Eligible Participants means legal residents of the Permitted Territories;
Permitted Territories refers specifically to the United States of America (excluding the restricted States of Idaho, Nevada, Washington and Michigan), and Canada (excluding the restricted province of Quebec);
Participant means an individual who participates in the Promotional Play offered on the Website;
Unique Mail-In Request Code refers to the process set out in clause 2. iv. of these Sweepstakes Rules;
Promotional Play refers to the promotional sweepstakes play offered at the Wow Vegas Website. Promotional Play is restricted to Eligible Participants only, who must be at least eighteen (18) years old or the specific legal age to enter Promotional Sweepstakes in their state or province of residence, whichever is higher, at the time of entry.
The Sweepstakes Promotions offered by Wow Vegas are subject to all applicable federal, state, provincial, territorial and local laws, rules and regulations. As a Participant it is your sole responsibility to determine whether the Promotional Sweepstakes offered by Wow Vegas is legal and compliant with all laws, rules and regulations in the jurisdiction in which you reside.
Participation constitutes the full and unconditional agreement of the Participant to these Sweepstakes Rules and the decisions of the Sponsor and/or Promoter. The decisions of the Sponsor and/or Promoter are final and binding in all matters which relate to the Sweepstakes offered.
The winning of a prize is entirely contingent upon Participants fulfilling all requirements set out in these Sweepstakes Rules.
Employees of MW Services Limited, any of their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, parent or holding companies, advertising agencies, or any other company or individual involved with the design, production, execution or distribution of the Games and their immediate family (spouse, parents, siblings and children, whether the relationship is by birth, marriage or adoption) and household members (people who share the same residence at least 6 months of the year) are not eligible to Participate.
HOW TO COLLECT SWEEPSTAKES COINS
In order to Participate in the Promotional Sweepstakes, you must hold and log into an active and verified Customer Account.
If you do not have an existing Customer Account, you can easily create one at https://wowvegas.com free of charge.
Eligible Participants who access Wow Vegas website are able to collect Sweepstakes Coins in multiple ways as detailed below:
Collect Sweepstakes Coins as a free bonus when purchasing WOW Coins.
Eligible Participants are able to collect Sweepstakes Coins as a free bonus when successfully purchasing specific promotional Wow Coin packs. Each coin pack which qualifies for this promotion will be clearly marked as such. Wow Coins can be only used for social casino-style fun game play as Wow Vegas. Wow Coins cannot be redeemed for real prizes. The exact number of Sweepstakes Coins which an Eligible Participant will receive as a free bonus for each qualifying promotional Wow Coin purchase will be stated clearly in the coin store and on the payment screens.

PURCHASES OF WOW COINS ARE ALWAYS FINAL AND NO REFUNDS WILL BE GIVEN.

Collect Free Sweepstakes Coins via Free-To-Enter contests on the Wow Vegas Facebook, Instagram and Twitter pages
The Sponsor/Promoter offers Eligible Participants the opportunity to collect Sweepstakes Coins via free giveaway contests on social media platforms. Eligible Participants can enter these contests via following specific instructions detailed for each individual contest. Entry may require a user to like, comment, share and/or complete another simple interaction with the specific social media post. The amount of Sweepstakes Coins and number of winning positions available will be clearly stated on the social media post. Sweepstakes Coins won via these contests will be credited to Eligible Participants Customer Accounts directly, following the end date of each contest.

Eligible Participants can participate in our Daily Email Competition. Below details how to claim Sweepstakes Coins in this way:
Login to your Customer Account;
Go to the promotion page and click on Daily Email Competition promo;
Click the “Send Email” button on the page. This will send an email to your inbox.
You must reply to the email received with the words “OPT IN”
100 Winners will be picked at random, emailed and credited the following day.
You will see the following message appear onscreen: “Congrats! Email sent successfully. Please check your email.”
Only 1 entry per player per day. Any further entries will not be eligible.
Should participants send more than 1 email a day only their first entry will be considered in the draw.
Eligible Participants can collect Sweepstakes Coins every day as a Daily Login Bonus by logging into your Customer Account. Below details how to claim Sweepstakes Coins in this way:
Login to your Customer Account;
Go to the promotion page and click on Daily Login Bonus promo;
Click the “Claim” button on the page.
If eligible you will see a message appear across the top of the screen to notify you that your Daily Login Bonus has been credited to your customer account.
Each Eligible Customer Account can claim this Daily Login Bonus 1x per day. The system works on EDT timezone and the Bonus becomes eligible again every day at 00:00:01
 Eligible Participants can participate in our Daily Race Rewards. Below details how to claim Sweepstakes Coins in this way:
Play on ANY slots with your SC coins to place on the leaderboard
Place in the top 500 places to win a prize
A new race starts everyday from midnight ET
Collect Sweepstakes Coins via completing and sending compliant mail-in request forms
Eligible Participants are able to request and collect free Sweepstakes Coins by obtaining a unique one-time request code at the Wow Vegas website and sending a standard postcard or a single piece of plain, un-lined white paper (this will be your Sweepstakes Coins Request Card) inside an individually stamped #10 envelope, handwritten in CAPS and BLACK INK only, to the following relevant address and satisfying the requirements set out below:

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

MW SERVICES LIMITED

1445 WOODMONT LN NW #720

ATLANTA, GA 30318 U.S.A.

CANADA

MW SERVICES LIMITED

18 KING STREET EAST, SUITE 1400

TORONTO, ON

M5C 1C4

CANADA

Participants must:

Handwrite both the envelope and all contents in CAPS and use BLACK INK only.

On the front of the envelope, write your return address and the exact words “Request for Sweepstakes Credits”* On one side of the Sweepstakes Coins Request Card, write:

Full name exactly as shown on government issued ID.

The email address associated with your Wow Vegas customer account.

The residential address associated with your Wow Vegas customer account.

One 16 digit unique one-time request code that you generated on our website.

The statement exactly as laid out below:

“I wish to receive free Sweepstakes coins in order to participate in the sweepstakes promotions offered by Wow Vegas. In submitting this written request, I confirm that I have read, understood and agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions and Sweepstakes Rules as set out on the Wow Vegas website”

Each individual outer envelope is limited to include a maximum of one (1) Unique Sweepstakes Request Card Request. For each Request Card an Eligible Participant submits correctly in accordance with the above requirements, the Eligible Participant will receive three (3) Sweepstakes Coins. The Sweepstakes Coins will be credited directly to the Eligible Participant’s Customer Account

You must ensure that your handwriting is legible. If your handwriting is deemed to be illegible, your entry will be void and the Sweepstakes Coins will not be credited to your customer account. The legibility of  handwriting on the Sweepstakes Coins Request Cards shall be decided by Sponsor/Promoter in its sole discretion.

You must not electronically copy or duplicate any Sweepstakes Coins Request Card.

All Sweepstakes Coins Request Cards which do not comply with the above rules will not be acknowledged or returned to the sender.

A Unique One-Time Request Code comprises a unique combination of 16 digits which can only be used once.
All Eligible Participants can obtain Unique One-Time Request Codes by following the steps outlined in clause 2 of these Sweepstakes Rules. This code assists with the accurate and efficient processing of Sweepstakes Coins Request Cards. Each Unique One-Time Request Code is valid only for use by the individual customer whose Wow Vegas customer account was used to generate the code whilst logged into the Wow Vegas website. The sponsor/promoter reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify from promotional sweepstakes and/or deactivate the customer account of any individual who is deemed to have provided or received a Unique One-Time Request Code to or from another individual.

The sponsor/promoter reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify from promotional sweepstakes and/or deactivate the customer account of any individual who is deemed to have tampered with or attempted to alter the process in which a Unique One-Time Request Code is generated during our alternative method of entry process on the Wow Vegas website.

A Unique One-Time Request Code is generated by following the steps below:

Sign in to your Wow Vegas customer account
Click the option for “INSTRUCTIONS ON ALTERNATIVE METHOD OF ENTRY”
Follow the process to generate your Unique One-Time Request Code and save it for use on your Sweepstakes Coins Request Card.
Sweepstakes Coins requests must only be made by the individual associated with a unique customer account. Requests made by any other individual or entity will be declared invalid and the Sweepstakes Coins will not be credited to the customer account.

SWEEPSTAKES COIN REQUEST CARDS MUST BE POSTED AND POSTMARKED FROM THE SAME STATE OR PROVINCE AS THE ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANT’S VERIFIED RESIDENTIAL ADDRESS AS ENTERED INTO THE WOW VEGAS CUSTOMER ACCOUNT SYSTEM.

Requests found to be made by any other individual, organization, programme or any entity, including but not limited to commercial sweepstakes subscription, notification, automation or entering services or those posted from a State or Province which is different to the Participant’s verified residential address will be declared void and invalid. Sweepstakes Coins will not be credited to the Participant’s Customer Account.

Tampering with the Sweepstakes Coins request process or the operation of the Sweepstakes, including but not limited to the use of any device to automate the Sweepstakes Coins request or entry process, is strictly prohibited and any requests or entries deemed by Sponsor, at its sole discretion, to have been submitted using such will be declared null and void.

In the event that a dispute regarding the identity of an individual who submitted a request cannot be successfully resolved to the Sponsor’s satisfaction, the request in dispute will be deemed invalid.

As per these Sweepstakes rules, the amount of Sweepstakes Coins credited will be displayed in your customer account on the Wow Vegas website.

The actual amount of Sweepstakes Coins allocated via the Unique One-time Code / Sweepstakes Coins Request Card process can be changed at any time by the sponsor at its sole discretion.

Sweepstakes Coins are only valid for sixty (60) days from the date a Participant received them on their Customer Account and will then automatically expire.

Sweepstakes Coins may also be forfeited if a Participant’s Customer Account is deactivated for any reason, or at the Sponsor/Promoter’s discretion.

The sponsor is not responsible for any Sweepstakes Coins Request Cards that are incomplete, invalid, lost or misdirected.

If a dispute as to the legal registration and/or ownership of a Customer Account were to occur, the Participant will be deemed to be the confirmed account holder of the email address which was used to register the Customer Account. The “confirmed account holder” is defined as the individual natural person who was assigned the email address by an email service provider or any organization responsible for assigning the email address in question.

Participants can view their sweepstakes coin balance in the top left of the screen at any time when logged into their customer account .

In the event that a Participant’s Customer Account is closed for any reason at the Sponsor/Promoter’s discretion, any remaining sweepstakes coins may also be forfeited.

Collect Sweepstakes Coins on the first 3 days after creating your customer account
Upon creating your customer account and confirming eligibility to enter sweepstakes an Eligible Participant can collect a total of 4.5 Sweepstakes Coins over the next 3 days. In order to claim these coins the Eligible Participant will simply need to click a link in an email sent to their registered email address, the bonus will automatically be credited if the user successfully logs into the Website on each qualifying day.

Collect Sweepstakes Coins via our weekly giveaway.
Each week we select a minimum of 100 Eligible Participants to share in our 100 Sweepstakes Coins giveaway. Customers don’t need to do anything to enter this, we simply select a minimum of 100 Eligible Participants at random to receive the Sweepstakes Coins. We will notify the customers via email if they have received Sweepstakes Coins and will automatically credit them to the customer accounts.

Collect Sweepstakes Coins by referring your friends.
Invite your friends by sending them your unique referral link – you’ll find it in “Refer a friend” section of your profile.

You’ll receive FREE SC 20 and 5,000 WOW coins 48 hours after your friend signs up using your referral link and spends $15 or more on WOW coins packages (and didn’t already have an account with WOW Vegas)

This promotion starts on the 12/21/2022, no referral prior to this date can be considered for this promotion.
To be eligible for the refer a friend reward:
The person referred must use the unique link you have provided (from the refer a friend section of your account)
The Invited Friend must purchase WOW coins package(s) for a minimum value of 15$.
Referrers may earn a maximum of one reward per invited friend and a maximum of 30 referral rewards a month.
The referral reward is 20 SC and 5,000 WOW coins. The value of the referral reward is subject to change, in Sponsor’s sole discretion.
The Referral Reward(s) will only be issued only to referrers. Invited Friends are not eligible to receive any reward(s).
Approved referral rewards will be credited to referrer’s account within 48 hours of the invited friend’s eligible WOW coins purchase.
Sponsor reserves the right to cancel, suspend, and/or modify the Promotion, these terms and conditions, or any part thereof, with immediate effect owing to circumstances outside its reasonable control and only where circumstances make it unavoidable if any fraud, technical failures or any other factor beyond sponsor’s reasonable control impairs the integrity or proper functioning of the promotion, as determined by sponsor in its sole discretion.
Sponsor reserves the right in its sole discretion to disqualify any individual it finds to be tampering with the referral process or the operation of the promotion.
Any attempt by any person to deliberately undermine the legitimate operation of the promotion may be in violation of criminal and civil law, and, should such an attempt be made, sponsor reserves the right to seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. Sponsor’s failure to enforce any portion of these terms of use shall not constitute a waiver of this provision.
In order to be eligible, the invited friend must not already have an account with WOW Vegas.
Duplicate accounts are not permitted.
Invite a friend links are not permitted to be posted publicly on forums, adverts or any other method open to abuse, any user found to be posting the link inappropriately will have their account closed.
ENTERING SWEEPSTAKES GAMES USING SWEEPSTAKES COINS
Eligible Participants with a Sweepstakes Coins balance in their customer account can use those Sweepstakes Coins to play games at the Wow Vegas website for the chance to win additional Sweepstakes Coins.
Only Sweepstakes Coins won through sweepstakes game play are eligible to be redeemed for real prizes.
Wow Vegas offers the opportunity to play many different games using Sweepstakes Coins. The specific amount of Sweepstakes Coins which are required to play each game will be shown clearly to the user when the game is loaded on the Website.
Participants may be able to increase the amount of Sweepstakes Coins used to enter a particular game so they can increase their total potential winning Sweepstakes Coin value.
Only games played with Sweepstakes Coins provide the opportunity to redeem winnings for real prizes.
Sweepstakes Coins which have been won through sweepstakes game play can be redeemed subject to a minimum redemption requirement.
Sweepstakes coins eligible for redemption can be redeemed at a rate of 1SC : $1.
Sweepstakes Coins collected via any of the methods outlined in clause 2 of these sweepstakes rules are not eligible for redemption.
Decisions of the Sponsor/Promoter relating to the administration and operation of the Sweepstakes, the games and any winnings are always final and legally binding.
Sweepstakes Coins credited to a Participant’s customer account are required to be played through one time (1x) before they are eligible to be redeemed for prizes unless sponsor/promoter requires/advises otherwise.
In its sole discretion and without prior written notice, the Sponsor/Promoter may require that any Sweepstakes Coins allocated to a Participant customer account must be played through a greater number of times on a variety of Sweepstakes Coins games before they are eligible for prize redemption. The number of play through times requested via this clause will not exceed twenty times (20x)
Sponsor/Promoter reserves the right to change the prize win rates or odds/RTP of any of the Sweepstakes Games at any time in its sole discretion, but nor during the operation of a specific game or individual spin. A Participant can view the actual and amended, if relevant, details relating to prize win rates within the information section on each game. It is the sole responsibility of the Participant to check the prize win rate / RTP on each occasion before they participate in any game. The likelihood of generating a particular outcome is not in any way related to an individual participants’ previous time, frequency of level of participation in any particular game. For example, if you win or lose today, your chance of winning or losing tomorrow would remain the same. RTP is a mathematical calculation which refers to a theoretical return to a player over a large number of players over an extended time period.
VERIFICATION AND CONFIRMATION OF POTENTIAL SWEEPSTAKES WINNERS

All potential sweepstakes winners are subject to a verification process by the sponsor/promoter in any manner it may choose.

THE DECISIONS OF SPONSOR/PROMOTER ARE FINAL AND BINDING IN ALL MATTERS RELATED TO THE SWEEPSTAKES. A PARTICIPANT IS NOT A WINNER OF ANY PRIZE, EVEN IF THE ONLINE SCREEN INDICATES THEY ARE, UNLESS AND UNTIL THE PARTICIPANT’S ELIGIBILITY AND THE POTENTIAL WINNING PLAY HAS BEEN VERIFIED AND THE PARTICIPANT HAS FULLY COMPLIED WITH THESE SWEEPSTAKES RULES AND BEEN NOTIFIED THAT VERIFICATION IS COMPLETE. SPONSOR/PROMOTER WILL NOT ACCEPT SCREEN SHOTS OR OTHER PURPORTED EVIDENCE OF WINNING IN LIEU OF ITS VALIDATION PROCESS.

Potential prize winners must comply with these Sweepstakes Rules and winning is always contingent upon fulfilling all of the requirements set out here.
A potential prize winner may be required to sign and return to the Sponsor/Promoter, an affidavit/declaration of eligibility, and liability/publicity release (except where prohibited) in order to claim his/her prize (if applicable).
In the case of a Canadian eligible winner, the participant will be required to correctly answer a mathematical skill-based question without mechanical or any other similar aid to be administered at a pre-arranged mutually convenient time, before the prize win can be verified and confirmed.
Currently, the sole method for redeeming prizes for a Canadian eligible winner shall be through Amazon vouchers.
If a potential winner cannot be contacted, fails to properly execute and return the affidavit/declaration of eligibility and liability/publicity release within the required time period (if applicable), fails to comply with these Sweepstakes Rules (including, but not limited to, the requirement to correctly answer the mathematical skill-testing question if a resident of Canada), or if the prize or prize notification is returned as undeliverable, that potential winner forfeits the prize.
PRIZES & REDEMPTION
A Participant’s Sweepstakes Coins balance is shown in the top right corner of a Participant’s Customer Account.
A participant must be the holder of a fully verified sweepstakes customer account in order to request a redemption and all supporting documents must be valid and in date.
Where a Participant has chosen to redeem sweepstakes prizes for cash, the cash payment will be paid in USD to the financial account or online wallet from which you originally purchased Wow Coins, or if this is not technically possible, then to an alternative bank or financial account you nominate upon Sponsor/Promoter approval.
Sponsor/Promoter reserves the right to require the use of the same payment method for redemption of prizes as was used to purchase Wow Coins, or a particular payment method specified at Sponsor/Promoter’s sole discretion.
Sponsor/Promoter will only process a prize redemption if the redeemed value of the prize is equal to US$100 or more (i.e. a minimum of 100 eligible Sweepstakes Coins). Consequently, a Participant’s Customer Account must have a balance of at least 100 eligible Sweepstakes Coins before requesting a prize redemption.
Sponsor/Promoter may charge a fee for the processing of prize redemptions, in its sole discretion. Any applicable fee shall not exceed the costs of processing the redemption payment, as estimated by the Sponsor/Promoter in its sole discretion.
To be eligible for a sweepstakes coins prize or a sweepstakes coins prize redemption:
Participant must be an eligible participant; and
The Participant’s customer account details must match those of the financial account.
The name on all credit/debit cards and/or other payment methods which you have used to purchase Wow Coins must match the name on your customer account.
All relevant age, identity, verification, KYC and source of funds checks must have been successfully completed.
For the purposes of security and anti money laundering, we will only authorize redemption of prizes to a bank or financial account in your own name. If you provide details for a bank or financial account which you hold jointly with another person or persons, you accept that prizes will be paid directly into that account and you may be required to supply additional identify and information documents relating to the joint account holder(s) in order to assist us in identifying and verifying the joint account holder(s)
In New York and Florida, the maximum redemption value of a Sweepstakes Coins prize won on any one spin or play, via a Participant’s participation in the Sweepstakes is US$5,000. Any prize valued in excess of US$5,000 will be reduced to a maximum value of US$5,000.
Sponsor/Promoter reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to limit a Participant’s redemption of Sweepstakes Coins to US$10,000 per day.
Payments in excess of $2,500 may require a longer processing period in order to complete any necessary bank, security and fraud clearance processes. Due to this, such payments may not always be processed in one lump sum.
Sponsor/Promoter is not responsible for any taxes or fees associated with a prize redemption. Participants are responsible for all applicable taxes and fees associated with prize receipt and/or redemption.
Sponsor/Promoter is not responsible for any foreign exchange transaction fees, charges or related costs that may be incurred as a result of, or in relation to, a prize redemption, including but not limited to any losses or additional costs arising from foreign exchange fluctuations.
Sweepstakes Coins are not transferable and no substitution will be made except as provided herein at the Sponsor’s/Promoter’s sole discretion. Sponsor/Promoter reserves the right to substitute the listed prize of equal or greater value for any reason owing to circumstances outside Sponsor’s/Promoter’s reasonable control.
In the event that one or more of a Participant’s purchases on the Wow Vegas website is subject to a chargeback, all pending redemptions on the customer account will be immediately canceled. No further redemption requests will be allowed. The Participant’s customer account may be suspended or permanently closed at the Sponsor/Promoter’s sole discretion, pending investigation in conjunction with our payment processing agents.
ENTRY CONDITIONS AND RELEASE
By Participating, each Participant agrees to:
comply with and be bound by:
the T&Cs;
these Sweepstakes Rules; and
the decisions of the Sponsor/Promoter which are binding and final;
release and hold harmless the Sponsor/Promoter and its parent, subsidiary, and affiliated companies, the prize suppliers and any other organizations responsible for sponsoring, fulfilling, administering, advertising or promoting the Sweepstakes, and all of their respective past and present officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives (collectively referred to as the Released Parties) from and against any and all claims, expenses, and liability, including but not limited to negligence and damages of any kind to persons and property, including but not limited to invasion of privacy (under appropriation, intrusion, public disclosure of private facts, false light in the public eye or other legal theory), defamation, slander, libel, violation of right of publicity, infringement of trademark, copyright or other intellectual property rights, property damage, or death or personal injury arising out of or relating to a Participant’s entry, creation of an entry or submission of an entry, participation in the Sweepstakes, acceptance or use or misuse of prizes (including any travel or activity related thereto) and/or the broadcast, exploitation or use of entry; and
indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Sponsor/Promoter from and against any and all claims, expenses, and liabilities (including reasonable attorneys/legal fees) arising out of or relating to a Participant’s participation in the Sweepstakes and/or Participant’s acceptance, use or misuse of prizes.
PUBLICITY
Except where prohibited, participation in the Sweepstakes constitutes each Participant’s consent to Sponsor’s/Promoter’s and its agents’ use of Participant’s name, likeness, photograph, voice, opinions and/or hometown and state/province/territory for promotional purposes in any media, worldwide, without further payment, notice or consideration.

REQUESTS FOR WINNERS LIST
In order to request a list of persons awarded prizes on a specific date, which can be no longer than 60 days after the close of the Promotion, you must mail a handwritten request with the exact date requested along with a self addressed and stamped envelope to:

MW SERVICES, 5-9 Main Street, Gibraltar GX11 1AA.

A maximum of one (1) specific date may be requested per envelope. Packages containing multiple date requests in one envelope will receive the winners list for the oldest date in the request only. All requests should be handwritten in CAPS and BLACK INK only and must be legible in order to be processed.

GENERAL CONDITIONS
Sponsor/Promoter reserves the right to cancel, suspend and/or modify the Sweepstakes or these Sweepstakes Rules, or any part of the Sweepstakes or these Sweepstakes Rules, with immediate effect owing to circumstances outside its reasonable control and only where circumstances make it unavoidable if any fraud, technical failures or any other factor beyond Sponsor’s/Promoter’s reasonable control impairs the integrity or proper functioning of the Sweepstakes, as determined by Sponsor/Promoter in its sole discretion.
Sponsor/Promoter reserves the right in its sole discretion to disqualify any individual it finds to be tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Sweepstakes or to be acting in violation of these Sweepstakes Rules or any other promotion or in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner.
Any attempt by any person to deliberately undermine the legitimate operation of the Sweepstakes may be a violation of criminal and civil law and, should such an attempt be made, Sponsor/Promoter reserves the right to seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. Sponsor’s/Promoter’s failure to enforce any term of these Sweepstakes Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that provision.
In all other cases, the Sponsor/Promoter reserves the right to cancel, suspend and/or modify the Sweepstakes. Any notice regarding cancellation, suspension and/or modification will be posted on https://wowvegas.com
Whenever we amend these Sweepstakes Rules in a way that would limit your current rights or which may be to your detriment, we will notify you upon your next visit to the Platform and you will be required to re-confirm your acceptance prior to participating in any Promotional Play. If you do not agree to the amended Sweepstakes Rules, you may not participate in any Promotional Sweepstakes Play.
10.LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY

Insofar as permitted by law in the respective territories, the Released Parties (as defined above) are not responsible for:
any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by a Participant, printing error or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Sweepstakes;
technical failures of any kind, including, but not limited to malfunctions, interruptions, or disconnections in phone lines or network hardware or software;
unauthorized human intervention in any part of the entry process or the Sweepstakes;
technical or human error which may occur in the administration or operation of the Sweepstakes; or
any injury or damage to persons or property which may be caused, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from Participant’s participation in the Sweepstakes or receipt or use or misuse of any prize.
If for any reason a Participant’s Sweepstakes Coins or winning play is confirmed to have been erroneously deleted, lost, or otherwise destroyed or corrupted, Participant’s sole remedy is replacement by Sponsor/Promoter of an equivalent amount of Sweepstakes Coins.
11.DISPUTES

Clause 18 of the T&Cs (Dispute Resolution and Agreement to Arbitrate on an Individual Basis) is incorporated herein by reference with the same force and effect as though fully set forth herein. By agreeing to these Sweepstakes Rules, you agree to be bound by the dispute resolution and arbitration provisions contained in clause 18 of the T&Cs

12.OTHER

Under no circumstances will any Participant be permitted to obtain awards for, and Participant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, or any other damages, including attorneys’ fees, other than Participant’s actual out-of-pocket expenses (i.e., costs associated with participating in these Sweepstakes), and the Participant further waives all rights to have damages multiplied or increased. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
To ensure fairness and the integrity of the promotion to all Participants, the Sponsor/Promoter will respond to questions to Customer Support via this form and may post updates/communications on its social media pages at Facebook, Instagram and Twitter.
Any Participant posting or found to be making posts or comments on Sponsor’s/Promoter’s own social media pages or elsewhere during the promotion that are considered harassment, bullying, spiteful or upsetting to other Participants, customers and/or fans of Wow Vegas, will have their comments removed and will be immediately disqualified from the Sweepstakes.
Any Participant posting or found to be making unfair, incorrect, damaging or harassing posts or comments directed at Wow Vegas or its representatives on Sponsor’s/Promoter’s own social media pages or elsewhere during the promotion will have their comments removed and will be immediately disqualified from the Sweepstakes.
The Sponsor/Promoter reserves the right to alert Facebook to any such behavior and Participant may have his/her Facebook account frozen pending investigation.
Any Participant posting or found to be submitting unfair, factually incorrect, damaging or fraudulent requests to our customer help department or harassing our agents or representatives, can be immediately disqualified from the Sweepstakes at the Sponsor/Promoter’s sole discretion.
13.PARTICIPANT’S PERSONAL INFORMATION

Information collected from Participants is subject to the Sponsor’s/Promoter’s Privacy Policy which is available to all website visitors at https://wowvegas.com/privacy-policy
You acknowledge that you are providing information to MW Services Limited. The information you provide to us will only be used as necessary to administer this promotion and in accordance with our Privacy Policy
18+. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY to enter Sweepstakes. SWEEPSTAKES ARE VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW. 

No purchase necessary. Sweepstakes rules apply. Click here for instructions on alternative method of entry.

© 2024 Wow Vegas | All Rights Reserved.

About Us

Wow Vegas

24/7 Customer Help

Responsible Social Gaming

Terms & Conditions

Sweepstakes Rules

Privacy Policy

T&Cs

FAQ

General

Payment

Verification

WowVegas.com is owned and operated by MW SERVICES LIMITED incorporated and registered in Gibraltar with company number 120828 whose registered office is at 5-9 Main Street, Gibraltar GX11 1AA.

Persons under the age of 18 are not permitted to create accounts and/or participate in the games.