Wow Vegas Privacy Policy

Date updated:  05 February 2024

At MW Services Limited, we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and maintaining the confidence and trust of our customers. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how your personal information is collected, why it is collected and how it is kept secure.

This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which MW Services Limited and other companies in the MW Services Group (“MW Services Group”) collect, use, maintain and disclose information collected from users (each, a “User“) of Wow Vegas through https://www.wowvegas.com and any subdomains, subpages, successor sites or any application accessible via our website (the “Website“). This Privacy Policy applies to the Website and all products and services offered through the Website.

This policy applies to information we collect:

Through the Website;
In email, text, or other electronic messages between you and the Website; 
Through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Website or otherwise, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and the Website; and
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information:

That we may collect offline or through any other means; or
That any third party may collect, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or through the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This policy may change from time to time (see “Changes to This Privacy Policy” below). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.

DATA CONTROLLER
This Privacy Policy is issued on behalf of the MW Services Group so when we mention “MW Services”, “we“, “us” or “our” in this Privacy Policy, we are referring to the relevant company in the MW Services Group responsible for processing your data.
The data controller responsible for processing data collected through your use of the Website (including any data you may provide through the Website when you purchase a product or service or take part in a promotion or competition) is MW Services Limited, having its registered address at 5-9 Main Street, Gibraltar GX11 1AA (the “Data Controller”).
TYPE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW LONG WE WILL RETAIN THAT INFORMATION
Types of data collected – We collect two basic types of information – personal information (as defined below) and anonymous information (as defined below) – and we may use personal and anonymous information to create a third type of information, aggregate information (also defined below; see “Definitions”). 
For example, we collect:

contact details, such as your first name and surname, email address, residential address and mobile or other phone numbers;
personal information such as gender, age, age range or your image;
account login details, including your username, password and pictures associated with your profile;
transaction information you provide when you make a purchase, request a redemption or otherwise use our Website or contact customer service, such as your postal address, phone number and payment or redemption information including banking and financial details, credit card details and bank account statements;
information sent bilaterally or within a small group using text message, live chat, post or other similar methods of communication;
information we obtain from a third party, such as a site or platform provider (including Facebook), about your use of or interest in our services;
location information, including location information provided by a mobile or other device interacting with our Website, or associated with your IP address, where we are permitted by law to process this information;
activity, technical and device information about your use of our Website, such as the content you view, the time and duration of your visit on our Website, how often you use our services, how you first heard about our Website, your preferences and information about your interaction with the content offered through our Website, your hardware model, device type, other unique device identifiers, operating system version, browser type and IP address; and
Social Security Number, or other form of government-issued identification, where we are required to do so for tax or other legal reasons, such as “know your customer” or anti-money laundering requirements.
How long we retain data – We will retain your information for the period of time required to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. For California Residents, we provide the below table which details the categories of personal information (as defined by California law) collected or processed in the last 12 months and how long we intend to retain that information.
Category	Examples	Collected	Data Retention Length
A. Identifiers.	A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.	YES	3 years
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).	A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.

YES	3 years
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.	Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).	YES	3 years
D. Commercial information.	Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.	YES	3 years
E. Biometric information.	Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.	NO	3 years
F. Internet or other similar network activity.	Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.	YES	3 years
G. Geolocation data.	Physical location or movements. 	YES	3 years
H. Sensory data.	Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.	NO	
I. Professional or employment-related information.	Current or past job history or performance evaluations.	NO	
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).	Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records. 	NO	
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.	Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.	NO	3 years
 

HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION/SOURCES OF INFORMATION
We collect information that Users provide to us in a variety of ways, including when Users visit our Website, register on the Website, purchase products on our Website, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Website.
In addition to collecting information via our Website, we collect information from Users by telephone, video or in correspondence (including email, live chat, mail, text message or social media). All telephone or video calls between Users and MW Services Group representatives may be recorded for training, quality control and compliance purposes and by continuing with any such call you consent to it being recorded.
We also collect information about your use of our products and services through a variety of technologies that are present when you visit our Websites or use our applications on third party sites or platforms (whether or not you are logged in or registered) including cookies, flash cookies, pixels, tags and application program interfaces (“API”). Please see the section entitled “Personal Data Collected via Technology” below for further information.
Analytics tools are also used by us to collect information, including when you visit our Website or use our applications or services on third party sites or platforms.
Finally, we also use trusted sources to update or supplement the information you provided, or we collected, including in order to verify or validate information (for example, postal address, documentation and names).
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION
The Data Controller is responsible for and may use your information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Other members of MW Services Group may access your information where they act on behalf of the Data Controller as a data processor for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. In summary, we use the information collected to operate our Website and to provide our products and services, to facilitate your financial transactions, to respond to your questions and to fulfil all applicable regulatory requirements such as anti-fraud checks and other checks required by applicable anti-money laundering and other legislation.
In accordance with applicable law and any elections made available to you, MW Services Group may collect and use the information of Users for the following specific purposes:
To provide and manage the services you request – This includes, for example, processing your registration and setting up and looking after your account, including checks made to guard against fraud.
To improve customer service and our services – Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests more efficiently; we may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments – We may use the information Users provide about themselves when making a purchase or placing an order to service that purchase or order (including to satisfy our customer due diligence requirements and to establish the source of funds where necessary). We do not share this information with third parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To personalize user experience – We may use information which has been aggregated to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Website.
To contact you about our services – For example by email, live chat, mail or social media; to manage promotions and competitions you choose to enter. We may periodically contact you with offers and information about our products and services, including in connection with your accounts, promotions, contests, online surveys, new features that you are entitled to access, and other important information. As set out in clause 13, provision of your telephone information, will be deemed as your consent to receive text messages sent by automatic telephone dialling systems. Consent to receive direct advertising is not a condition of purchase.
To send important notices to you – From time to time, we may send important notices to you, such as communications about purchases you have made, or legal notices regarding the changes to our terms and conditions or other policies. This information is important to your interactions with us and you acknowledge that you may not opt-out of receiving these communications.
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations – We may use information we collect about you to assess your social gaming activity for responsible social gaming purposes, for taxation purposes, to comply with fraud and anti-money laundering laws (including to establish the source of funds where a transaction is involved) or to comply with any other legal or regulatory obligations (including the detection, investigation and prevention of activity that violates our terms and conditions or that may be illegal).
To offer alternative dispute resolution services – We may provide information we collect about you to our third party partner for the specific purpose of resolving any disputes that have not been satisfactorily resolved through our internal processes.
We do not use automated decision making within the meaning of European data protection laws.
PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED VIA TECHNOLOGY
When you interact with our Website, we try to make that experience simple and useful. We and our partners use industry standard identifiers, such as cookies or other similar technologies.
Our Website may use technologies to enhance User experience. These technologies are small files that are placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone or other devices when you visit a website. They allow us to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with the website.
The following are examples of these types of technologies:
Cookies – These are small text files placed in your device browsers to store your preferences. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. However, if you do that, the service may not work properly.  Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Pixel tags/web beacons –  A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded on the Website that collects information about Users’ engagement on that web page. The use of a pixel allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement. We may also include web beacons in emails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on or forwarded.
Mobile device identifiers – We may share the advertising identifier associated with your mobile device or tablet (such as the Apple IDFA and Google Advertising ID) with advertisers. It is used to identify your device for internet-based advertising.
For instructions for using the advertising choice mechanisms provided by the most popular mobile operating systems, visit the NAI’s Mobile Choices page here.
Event tagging – Event tagging (including Facebook App Events) allows us to track actions that occur in the Website such as application installs and purchase events. By tracking these events we can view analytics, measure ad performance, and build audiences for ad targeting.
Behavioral advertising – We may partner with a third party to either display advertising on our Website or any application accessible via our Website or to manage our advertising on other websites (for example, using custom audiences on Facebook). Our third-party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on our Website and other websites in order to provide you advertising based on your browsing activities and interests.  We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible party directly. If you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising click here. Please note you will continue to receive generic advertisements.
YOUR RIGHTS OVER YOUR INFORMATION
General rights
We appreciate that by law and subject to certain conditions, you may have a number of rights concerning the personal information we hold about you. If you wish to exercise these rights, you should contact our Data Protection Officer.
These rights include the right to access the personal information we hold about you, the right to object to the processing of your data, the right to correct the information we hold about you, the right to obtain a portable copy of personal information you have provided to us, and the right to withdraw any consent provided. In some circumstances, you can ask us to delete the personal information we hold about you. You will not be discriminated against or treated differently should you choose to exercise any of your rights.
Please note that these rights are not absolute and requests are subject to any applicable legal requirements, and other legal obligations. We may also rectify, replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion, in accordance with our internal policies.
Right to complain to a supervisory authority – You also have the right to complain to the relevant data protection supervisory authority about our processing of your personally identifiable information.
Rights in direct advertising
If we process your personal information for the purpose of direct advertising, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal information relating to you for the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling, where appropriate, insofar as it is associated with such direct advertising.
You may opt-out of receiving commercial messages from us by following the instructions contained in those messages or by contacting Customer Support. In the event of your objection to processing for the purpose of direct advertising, we will no longer process your personally identifiable information for these purposes.
Opt out preference signals – You may opt out from the collection of non-essential device data on your web browser by managing your cookies at the browser or device level. You can turn on Global Privacy Control in your web browser or browser extension. Please see the California Privacy Protection Agency’s website at https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa for more information. We will honor opt out preference signals for each browser where you implement such signals. In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising, click here (or, if located in the European Union or United Kingdom, click here). Please note, however, that by blocking or deleting cookies and similar technologies used on our Site, you may not be able to take full advantage of our Site or services. 
U.S. State Privacy Rights – U.S. state consumer privacy laws (including those of California, Nevada, Colorado, Virginia, and Utah) provide their residents with additional rights regarding our use of their personal information. 
California provides its residents a number of additional rights, including right to certain information which is included in this Privacy Policy (for example, what categories of information do we collect about Users and with whom do we share that information). Additional rights for California residents include the following, 
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. 
California’s Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) prohibits a third party from reselling personal information unless you have received explicit notice and an opportunity to opt-out of further sales. The following businesses purchase personal information from us and may resell that information. To opt-out of those sales, please [visit that business’s opt-out notice at link provided below/[OTHER INSTRUCTIONS]].
California law allows you or a legally authorized person to make a request to know or delete your personal information. INSTRUCTIONS. A request to know or delete must 
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you or your authorized representative, including…[ADD]
Describe your request with sufficient detail to allow us to properly understand and respond.
Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah each provide their state residents with rights to:
Confirm whether we process their personal information.
Access and delete certain personal information.
Data portability.
Opt-out of personal data processing for targeted advertising and sales.
Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia also provide their state residents with rights to: 
Correct inaccuracies in their personal information, taking into account the information’s nature processing purpose.
Opt-out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. 
Nevada provides its residents with a limited right to opt-out of certain personal information sales. 
How to Exercise your rights 
To exercise any of these rights please email us at dataprivacy@wowvegas.com.  We may need to verify your identity and place of residence before completing your rights request. 
Please provide (1) sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information (this will require you to send an email from the account in question or login credentials). Please also provide (2) a sufficient detail in your request to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a “Valid Request.” We will contact you if we need additional information to verify your identity. We will only use personal information provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request. We do our best to ensure that we respond to Valid Requests within one month unless otherwise required by law.
If you are a California resident, you may also authorize an agent (an “Authorized Agent”) to exercise your access, deletion, and correction rights on your behalf. To do this, you must provide your Authorized Agent with written permission to do so, and we may request a copy of this written permission from your Authorized Agent when they make a request to exercise your rights on your behalf. 
We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, and we are permitted to charge a fee under applicable laws, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request. 
If you are a registered User, you can update certain information, including personal information associated with your account by logging into your account and editing your account details.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights. However, we may offer different tiers of our services as allowed by applicable data privacy laws with varying prices, rates, or levels of quality of the goods or services you receive related to the value of personal information that we receive from you.
In some jurisdictions, an individual has the right to appeal a business’ response to his or her request through an appeal process. You can appeal our response to your data request by emailing us at dataprivacy@wowvegas.com. 
We will provide a timely response to your request with forty five (45) days. If you disagree with our assessment, we will provide you information on how to appeal the response, as provided under applicable law.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We have in place, physical, electronic and operational procedures to protect the information that we collect. We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, use, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Website. Our security measures are reviewed regularly and updated in keeping with technological advances.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. If you believe your password or account have been compromised, please contact us immediately at [INSERT].
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website. 
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We do not sell, trade, or rent the personal identification information of Users to others. However, there are circumstances when we share your personal data with other companies in the MW Services Group, with third parties that provide services to you on our behalf, and with other third parties in the course of complying with our legal obligations.

With other companies within MW Services Group – We may share the information we collect with other companies in the MW Services Group for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Please see “Transfers” below for further information on how we share information within the MW Services Group.
With third parties – We only share information with third parties in limited circumstances including the following:
when you allow us to share your information with third parties;
when providing you with products and services and notifying you about either important changes or developments to the features and operation of those products and services;
with our service providers to enable us to provide our services, such as companies that help us with technology services, storing and combining data, processing payments and redemptions or providing relevant marketing and advertising for our products and services. The partner companies will have access to your personal information only to perform services on our behalf and are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those requested by us or required by law. Where service providers use personal information for their own purposes, where permitted by law, such service providers will act as data controller;
in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, when ordered to do so by any regulatory body and/or under any legal provision contained in the governing law of a particular jurisdiction;
in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of MW Services Group;
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of MW Services Group, our Users or others;
when instructing and authorizing the financial institution with which a User’s account is held to disclose any information as may be requested by a regulator in respect of the User’s account;
to enforce our terms and conditions set out on our Website, to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our customers and third parties, to detect fraud or other illegal activities, and to comply with law or legal processes; and
to perform customer due diligence including ID verification.

We may ask you to provide your image to assist us in verifying your identity. We may do this by using facial recognition technology provided by third parties (including, but not limited to, Sumsub) that determines whether the photo you take matches the photo in your identification document. The facial recognition technology provided by these third parties collects information from your image capture, including biometric data, and may share this information with us. Biometric data is stored by the third party service provider in accordance with its privacy policy and is stored by us, until such time as the initial purpose for collecting or obtaining such information has been satisfied or within 3 years of your last interaction with us, whichever occurs first, provided we have no other legal obligation to retain such information for any longer period.
Categories of Information We May Share – In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed personal information for a business purpose to the categories of third parties indicated in the chart below:
 

Personal Information Category	Category of Third-Party Recipients
Business Purpose Disclosures	Sales
A: Identifiers.	The merchant from whom you’re making a purchase or redemption
Third-party identity verification service providers, to verify your data (Sumsub)

Game providers to determine eligibility

None
B: California Customer Records personal information categories.	The merchant from whom you’re making a purchase or redemption
Third-party identity verification service providers, to verify your data (Sumsub)

None
C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.	Third-party identity verification service providers, to verify your data (Sumsub)	None
D: Commercial information.	The merchant from whom you’re making a purchase or redemption	None
E: Biometric information.	N/a	None
F: Internet or other similar network activity.	None	None
G: Geolocation data.	The merchant from whom you’re making a purchase or redemption
Game providers

None
H: Sensory data.	N/A	None
I: Professional or employment-related information.	N/A	None
J: Non-public education information.	N/A	None
K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.	N/A	None
 

Aggregated information – We may also share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors to and Users of our with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Transfers – MW Services Group operates in several international jurisdictions and personal information we collect may be transferred to, and stored and processed by, individual companies in the MW Services Group or third parties in the European Union, or any other country in which we or our third party processors maintain facilities. We will ensure that transfers of personal information to any country or organization are subject to appropriate safeguards. Additionally, without limitation and where applicable, when transferring personal information from the European Union, we may use standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission or otherwise adopt other means in accordance with European data protection laws for ensuring adequate safeguards.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Compliance with Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act – Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information on our Website from individuals we actually know are under the age of 18, and no part of our Website is structured to attract anyone under the age of 18. No one under the age of 18 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this Website or through any of its features or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or username you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from someone under the age of 18 years old, we will delete that information.  If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18 years old, please contact us at dataprivacy@wowvegas.com.
Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms – Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the websites with which the user communicates. Due to the different ways that web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they are even aware of them. As there is currently no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, our Website currently does not act in response to these signals. When a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these signals.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time to reflect changes in the way we work or the way our work is regulated. We will notify you of material changes and, where required by law, will obtain your consent. Notice may be by the posting of such changes on our Website or by other means in accordance with applicable law.
Any changes to the Privacy Policy will become effective when the updated policy is posted on our Website.
We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
DEFINITIONS
Personal information means information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, postal address, email address, and telephone number. When anonymous information is directly or indirectly associated with personal information, the resulting information is also treated as personal information.
Anonymous information means information that does not directly or indirectly identify, and cannot reasonably be used to identify, an individual.
Aggregate information means information about groups or categories of customers, which does not identify and cannot reasonably be used to identify an individual customer.
CONTACTING YOU VIA EMAIL OR TEXT
You warrant any contact information you provide, included (but not limited to), your email address and mobile phone number is true and accurate. You further warrant that you are the telephone subscriber and/or that you own or are the authorized user of  any telephone numbers that you provide to us. You acknowledge that by voluntarily providing your telephone numbers to MW Services Group, you expressly agree to be contacted at the telephone numbers you provide. You consent to receive pre-recorded voice messages and/or autodialed calls (including text messages) by or on behalf of MW Services Group relating to:
this Privacy Policy and any associated terms and conditions;
any transaction with MW Services Group related to your account; and
promotions from MW Services Group.
The above communications may be made by or on behalf of us, even if your phone number is registered on any state or federal Do Not Call list. You acknowledge that you may incur a charge for these texts or calls by your telephone carrier and that MW Services Group will not be responsible for these charges.
CONTACTING US
If you have specific questions regarding your personal information or how we use it, please contact our Data Protection Officer directly by email at the following email address dataprivacy@wowvegas.com and specify your place of residence and the nature of your question.

 

 

No purchase necessary. Sweepstakes rules apply. Click here for instructions on alternative method of entry.

© 2024 Wow Vegas | All Rights Reserved.

About Us

Wow Vegas

24/7 Customer Help

Responsible Social Gaming

Terms & Conditions

Sweepstakes Rules

Privacy Policy

T&Cs

FAQ

General

Payment

Verification

WowVegas.com is owned and operated by MW SERVICES LIMITED incorporated and registered in Gibraltar with company number 120828 whose registered office is at 5-9 Main Street, Gibraltar GX11 1AA.

Persons under the age of 18 are not permitted to create accounts and/or participate in the games.