1. In order for your request for 3.00 Sweepstakes Coins to be processed, you must follow and adhere to the simple steps below:

Please send us a standard postcard or a single piece of white paper, this will be your Sweepstakes Coins Request Card.
This should be placed inside an individually stamped #10 envelope with the handwritten address exactly as below.
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

WOW ENTERTAINMENT LIMITED

1445 WOODMONT LN NW #720

ATLANTA, GA 30318 U.S.A.

CANADA

WOW ENTERTAINMENT LIMITED

18 KING STREET EAST, SUITE 1400

TORONTO, ON

M5C 1C4

CANADA

FAO: WOW ENTERTAINMENT LIMITED

1445 Woodmont Ln NW #720

Atlanta GA 30318

All users sending in Sweepstakes Coins Request Cards must:

i) Handwrite in CAPS and use BLACK INK.

ii)On the front of the envelope, write your return address and the exact words “Request for Sweepstakes Credits”* On one side of the Sweepstakes Coins Request Card, write:

Full name exactly as shown on government issued ID.
The email address associated with your Wow Vegas customer account.
The residential address associated with your Wow Vegas customer account.
The 16 digit unique request code that you generated on our website.
The statement exactly as laid out below:
“I wish to receive free Sweepstakes coins in order to participate in the sweepstakes promotions offered by Wow Vegas.
In submitting this written request, I confirm that I have read, understood and agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions and Sweepstakes Rules as set out on the Wow Vegas website”

2: Each individual outer envelope is limited to include a maximum of one (1) Unique Sweepstakes Request Card Request. For each Request Card an Eligible Participant submits correctly in accordance with the above requirements, the Eligible Participant will receive three (3) Sweepstakes Coins. The Sweepstakes Coins will be credited directly to the Eligible Participant’s Customer Account

3: You must ensure that your handwriting is legible. If your handwriting is deemed to be illegible, your entry will be void and the Sweepstakes Coins will not be credited to your customer account.
The legibility of handwriting on the Sweepstakes Coins Request Cards shall be decided by Sponsor in its sole discretion.

4: You must not electronically copy or duplicate any Sweepstakes Coins Request Card.

5: All request cards which do not comply with the above rules will not be acknowledged or returned to sender.

6: Sweepstakes Coins requests must only be made by the individual associated with a unique customer account.
Requests made by any other individual or entity will be declared invalid and the Sweepstakes Coins will not be credited to the customer account.

Tampering with the Sweepstakes Coins request process or the operation of the Sweepstakes, including but not limited to the use of any device to automate the Sweepstakes Coins request or entry process, is strictly prohibited and any requests or entries deemed by Sponsor, at its sole discretion, to have been submitted using such will be declared null and void.In the event that a dispute regarding the identity of an individual who submitted a request cannot be successfully resolved to the Sponsor’s satisfaction, the request in dispute will be deemed invalid.

7: As per the sweepstakes rules, the amount of Sweepstakes Coins credited will be displayed in your customer account on the Wow Vegas website.

8: The actual amount of Sweepstakes Coins allocated via the AMOE / Sweepstakes Coins Request Card can be changed at any time by the sponsor at its sole discretion.

9: The sponsor is not responsible for any Sweepstakes Coins Request Cards that are incomplete, invalid, lost or misdirected.

10:A Unique One-Time Request Code comprises a unique combination of 16 digits which can only be used once.

All Eligible Participants can obtain Unique One-Time Request Codes by following the steps outlined in clause 2 of these Sweepstakes Rules. This code assists with the accurate and efficient processing of Sweepstakes Coins Request Cards. Each Unique One-Time Request Code is valid only for use by the individual customer whose Wow Vegas customer account was used to generate the code whilst logged into the Wow Vegas website. The sponsor/promoter reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify from promotional sweepstakes and/or deactivate the customer account of any individual who is deemed to have provided or received a Unique One-Time Request Code to or from another individual.
The sponsor/promoter reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify from promotional sweepstakes and/or deactivate the customer account of any individual who is deemed to have tampered with or attempted to alter the process in which a Unique One-Time Request Code is generated during our alternative method of entry process on the Wow vegas website
A Unique One-Time Request Code is generated by following the steps below:
Sign in to your Wow Vegas customer account
Click the option for “INSTRUCTIONS ON ALTERNATIVE METHOD OF ENTRY”
follow the process to generate your Unique One-Time Request Code and save it for use on your Sweepstakes Coins Request Card.
Sweepstakes Coins requests must only be made by the individual associated with a unique customer account. Requests made by any other individual or entity will be declared invalid and the Sweepstakes Coins will not be credited to the customer account.
SWEEPSTAKES COIN REQUEST CARDS MUST BE POSTED AND POSTMARKED FROM THE SAME STATE OR PROVINCE AS THE ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANT’S VERIFIED RESIDENTIAL ADDRESS AS ENTERED INTO THE WOW VEGAS CUSTOMER ACCOUNT SYSTEM.

Requests found to be made by any other individual, organization, programme or any entity, including but not limited to commercial sweepstakes subscription, notification, automation or entering services or those posted from a State or Province which is different to the Participant’s verified residential address will be declared void and invalid. Sweepstakes Coins will not be credited to the Participant’s Customer Account.
Tampering with the Sweepstakes Coins request process or the operation of the Sweepstakes, including but not limited to the use of any device to automate the Sweepstakes Coins request or entry process, is strictly prohibited and any requests or entries deemed by Sponsor, at its sole discretion, to have been submitted using such will be declared null and void.
In the event that a dispute regarding the identity of an individual who submitted a request cannot be successfully resolved to the Sponsor’s satisfaction, the request in dispute will be deemed invalid.
The actual amount of Sweepstakes Coins allocated via the Unique One-time Code / Sweepstakes Coins Request Card process can be changed at any time by the sponsor at its sole discretion.
Sweepstakes Coins are only valid for sixty (60) days from the date a Participant last logged on to their Customer Account and will then automatically expire.
Sweepstakes Coins may also be forfeited if a Participant’s Customer Account is deactivated for any reason, or at the Sponsor/Promoter’s discretion.
The sponsor is not responsible for any Sweepstakes Coins Request Cards that are incomplete, invalid, lost or misdirected.
If a dispute as to the legal registration and/or ownership of a Customer Account were to occur, the Participant will be deemed to be the confirmed account holder of the email address which was used to register the Customer Account. The “confirmed account holder” is defined as the individual natural person who was assigned the email address by an email service provider or any organization responsible for assigning the email address in question.
Participants can view their sweepstakes coin balance in the top left of the screen at any time when logged into their customer account .
In the event that a Participant’s Customer Account is closed for any reason at the Sponsor/Promoter’s discretion, any remaining sweepstakes coins may also be forfeited.
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. SWEEPSTAKES RULES APPLY.
Sweepstakes Rules
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Responsible Social Gaming
About Us
General FAQ
Payment FAQ
Verification FAQ
Persons under the age of 18 are not permitted to create accounts and/or participate in the games.

Copyright © 2023 WOW Entertainment Limited. All rights reserved. WowVegas.com is owned and operated by WOW Entertainment Limited, Sovereign House 4 Christian Road, Douglas, Isle Of Man, Im1-2sd. Company registration number 018038V.