GAMBIT
TERMS & CONDITIONS
CONTEST RULES

NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO PARTICIPATE. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED.

THE GAMES AVAILABLE FOR YOUR USE ON THE WEB SITES AND APPS (COLLECTIVELY, THE GAMES, WEB SITES AND APPS ARE "THE PLATFORM") ON WHICH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE ("Terms") RESIDE ARE STRICTLY FOR ENTERTAINMENT PURPOSES ONLY. THE PLATFORM DOES NOT OFFER REAL MONEY GAMBLING. NO ACTUAL MONEY OR ANYTHING OF VALUE IS REQUIRED TO PLAY.

GAMBIT TOKENS ("TOKENS") HAVE NO CASH VALUE AND ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE. YOU MAY NOT PURCHASE, SELL, TRADE, BARTER, OR IN ANY WAY TRANSFER TOKENS TO ANY OTHER PARTY. ANY ATTEMPT TO DO SO WILL INVALIDATE THE REWARD AND MAY RESULT IN THE TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT.

1. ACCESS IS FREE. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. Gambit Tokens cannot be purchased. To request Tokens, see details below. 

2. PARTICIPATING SITES. Tokens are available by request from any of our participating sites. For a list of participating sites (each a "Participating Site") visit www.gambitrewards.com.

3. GAMES PERIOD. Gambit Rewards, Inc. (“Gambit”) provides its registered users (“Players”) with the ability to participate in its games (the "Program") based on real events that are independently determined (“Games”). Games are available on an ongoing basis until terminated by Gambit, each Game shall begin at the time it is posted to the Gambit website, and end prior to the time stated under the Game details. Gambit reserves the right to cancel a Game at any time without notice. Game Tokens awarded as a prize DO NOT EXPIRE at the end of the Game Period. Accounts that have not been active for twelve months or more are deemed inactive and Tokens earned in these accounts are null and void. Free Entries that have not been used within 90 days are null and void. These Terms may be amended in Gambit’s sole discretion for each new Game Period. 

4. ELIGIBILITY. Each Game is open only to natural persons who have a free registered account with Gambit; are not residents of Nevada or Washington state; and are at least eighteen (18) years of age as of the date of entry. The Game is limited to entries originating from within the United States or the District of Columbia. Subject to all applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations. Void wherever restricted or prohibited by law. It is the Player’s responsibility to ensure they are eligible and will abide by all the applicable rules of whichever Game they may participate in. Employees and directors of Gambit are not eligible to enter or win. No entry may be made on behalf of third parties. If any winner is deemed a minor in the jurisdiction of his/her residence, the winner will need parental consent in order to enter the Game and to be awarded the prize or the prize may be awarded to his/her parent/legal guardian (as determined by Gambit in its sole discretion). Gambit reserves the right to request proof of age or identity. 

5. HOW IT WORKS. Visit www.gambitrewards.com and register a user account (“Account”). Users may only register one account, and any attempt to violate this restriction may result in the termination of your account. Only the registered user is permitted to use the Account. Use of Gambit’s service is for the Player’s personal use and not for any commercial purpose. It is the Player’s responsibility to provide complete, truthful and accurate information in their Account, and to maintain the accuracy of the Account going forward. Select a Participating Site from whom Gambit Free Entries, or Tokens ("Game Tokens") may be redeemed. Should the Participating Site accept the request, Gambit will award the Game Tokens to your Account. Game Tokens can also be requested by mail-in entry: hand print your name, address, city, state, zip code, daytime phone number, date of birth and email address (mandatory) on a 3”x5” card, place the card in an envelope with proper first-class postage affixed, and mail the envelope to: Gambit Rewards c/o Snipp Interactive, PO Box 2749, Carlsbad, CA 92018. Mail-ins will be processed as received. There is a limit of one (1) 3”x5” card per mailed envelope. A. FREE ENTRY: free entries are available by mail-in request or by point redemption and are only good for five free entries into Gambit's contests. Each Token used in a Game is considered an entry. B. PLAY TOKEN: Contest winnings accumulate as Play Tokens, which can be played again, or converted into Prize Tokens. C. PRIZE TOKENS: Game Tokens can be converted into Prize Tokens, which accumulate as loyalty points for purposes of redeeming a prize. Prize Tokens cannot be converted back into Game Tokens. Probability of winning a Game per entry is proportional to the number of participants or teams in the underlying event, or in the case of instant win games, is listed under the description of each game. Gambit reserves the right to modify its Terms at any time.

6. PRIZES. The amount of Prize Tokens ("Prize Tokens") available to be won with each entry vary by Game, and are disclosed under Game details prior to entry. Prize Tokens can be redeemed for a cash prize (subject to minimum redemption), loyalty points at a Participating Site, or for charitable donation (Gambit will donate up to 100% of the Player’s redeemable value, at the Player’s election, to a 501(c)(3) Charity selected from a list of Charities on the Gambit website). Prize Tokens must be redeemed within two years of issuance. The approximate redemption value of each Prize Token varies based on prize alternatives. Winners who receive any cash or prize with an ARV of over $600 must provide Gambit with a social security number in order to be given a 1099. The winner is responsible for paying all taxes and fees associated with any prize received. Each Player will enter a Game with a total approximate value of all prizes for each Game limited to the total number of accepted entries multiplied by the Game reward ratio. Odds of winning per entry are proportional to the number of participants or teams in the underlying event (i.e. two team events have 50% probability of winning). In the case of Instant Win Games, odds of winning per entry are displayed by the Game prior to entry. Prize Tokens have no cash value, are non-transferable, and subject to change or cancellation at any time at Gambit's sole discretion.

Instant Win - Monthly Leaderboard Prizes: Each month, players earn one leaderboard point for every one Game Token played on a Gambit instant win game. The top 100 players who play the most Game Tokens will earn bonus Game Tokens. Here is the breakdown of the leaderboard prizes:

- First Place: 2,000 Game Tokens

- Second to Tenth Places: 1,000 Game Tokens

- Eleventh to Eighty Fifth Places: 500 Game Tokens

- Eighty Sixth to One Hundredth Places: 100 Game Tokens

7. GAMBIT ENTRIES, PLAY TOKENS AND PRIZE TOKENS have no cash value.

8. GAMBIT TOKENS are valid as long as the Player's account is active at least one time within a six-month period. If the Player does not use their Gambit account within any six-month period, the entire Gambit Token balance will expire.

9. GAMBIT TOKENS are non-transferable.

10. GAMBIT reserves the right to modify or cancel this Program at its sole discretion without recourse at any time, for any reason, including the right to revoke any awards granted under this Program. 

11. GAMBIT reserves the right to deny anyone application for membership or terminate anyone's membership in the Program at any time in its sole discretion without recourse.

12. VERIFICATION. All potential winners are subject to Gambit verification. Gambit’s decisions are final and binding. A Player who is deemed a winner of any prize, will receive notification via email. Gambit reserves the right to request potential winners to show proof of identification and age to redeem Tokens.

13. GENERAL CONDITIONS. Gambit is not responsible for any Player or Gambit mistake or malfunction, technical, human, or otherwise, or any Internet or phone connection failure, delay, or congestion which may prevent a Player from completing a valid entry, or which may prevent Gambit from administering the Game or processing the entries. Gambit reserves the right in its sole discretion to disqualify any Player or individual it finds to be tampering with or disrupting the entry process or operation of the Game, and/or to be acting in violation of these Rules. If due to a computer programming or other error, more prizes are claimed than intended to be awarded according to Rule 6, prizes will be awarded in a random drawing from among all prize claims received. In no event will Gambit be liable for more than the stated number of prizes in Rule 6. Gambit reserves the right to refuse service to any Player for any reason. 

14. RELEASE. By entering and/or accepting a prize, Player agrees to release and hold harmless Gambit, its respective subsidiaries, affiliates, suppliers, distributors, advertising/promotion agencies, all respective parent companies, directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all liability arising out of Player’s participation in the Game with respect to the awarding, receipt, use and/or misuse of any prize. 

15. DISPUTES; GOVERNING LAW. Participation in the Game constitutes Player’s full and unconditional agreement to be bound by these Terms and any and all decisions of Gambit. Except where prohibited, the Player agrees that any and all disputes, claims and causes of actions arising out of or connected with the Games or any prize shall be resolved on an individual basis without resort to any form of class action. Any and all disputes, claims and causes of actions shall be resolved exclusively by the appropriate Delaware State Court. Any issues or questions of construction, interpretation, validity, or enforceability of these Terms, or the rights and obligations of the Player and/or Gambit in connection with the Game shall be governed by, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. 

16. ILLICIT PRACTICES. We reserve the right to suspend your account and/or close your account permanently and to revoke any Token balances in your account as a result of any form of collusion, or other illicit practices, as determined by Gambit. Illicit practices include, but are not limited to, the exploitation of a fault, loophole, or error in any of our existing software.

17. WAIVER. By entering a Game, Player waives all rights to claim punitive, incidental and consequential damages, attorneys' fees or any damages other than actual out-of-pocket costs incurred to enter. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above may not apply to you. 

Updated: October, 2022.